If you hear the phrase Phrase, then the category is Category.
If you hear the phrase trauma to the abdomen, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase injury of abdominal wall, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase abdominal injuries nec, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple extreme injuries of abdominal organs, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple superficial injuries of abdominal wall, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase injuries of intrathoracic organs with intra abdominal and pelvic organs, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple extreme injuries of abdominal organs without open wound into cavity, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple extreme injuries of abdominal organs with open wound into cavity, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase screen for symptoms of a history of domestic abuse  e g, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase numerous accidental injuries, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple somatic symptoms, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase chronic abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase chronic headaches, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase pelvic pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase anxiety, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase depression, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase post traumatic stress syndrome, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase and other psychiatric disorders, then the category is abdominal injuries.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase no abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase severe  abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal rigidity, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdomen, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase acute, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase abdominal cramps, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase nausea or abdominal pain, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase abdominal colic, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase upper abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase epigastric pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase lower abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase rebound tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase right upper quadrant pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pain radiating to back, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase left lower quadrant pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase left upper quadrant pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase suprapubic pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase chronic ruq abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase intermittent abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase intermittent llq abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pain through to back, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pain worse on motion, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase generalized abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase chronic nonspecific abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase central abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase site of abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase non colicky abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase type of abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase pain on abdominal wall movement, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase on examination   abdominal pain on palpation, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase on examination   no abdominal pain on palpation, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase on examination   abdominal pain   epigastrium, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase on examination   abdominal pain   hypogastrium, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal wind pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase recurrent acute abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase other and unspecified abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase pelvic and perineal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal and pelvic pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pain cramps general, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pain localized other, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase monitor abdominal pain and girth, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase localized abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pain aggravated, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase o e   abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase on examination   iliac pain   abdominal, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase on examination   lumbar pain abdominal, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase on examination   abdominal pain   umbilical, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase left sided abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase right sided abdominal pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase abdominal wall pain, then the category is abdominal pain.
If you hear the phrase able to cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase able to cough up sputum, then the category is able to cough.
If you hear the phrase able to cough voluntarily, then the category is able to cough.
If you hear the phrase able to speak, then the category is able to speak.
If you hear the phrase able to speak fluently, then the category is able to speak.
If you hear the phrase able to speak intelligibly, then the category is able to speak.
If you hear the phrase able to speak at normal rate, then the category is able to speak.
If you hear the phrase able to walk, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk on the flat, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk up a slope, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk down a slope, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk up step, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk down step, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk up stairs, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk down stairs, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk on a narrow line, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk heel to toe, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk up hill, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk down hill, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase never able to walk, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase ability to walk for fifteen minutes, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk in corridor, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk on uneven surface, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk in room, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk carrying large toy, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk at a normal speed, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk backward pulling large toy, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk a block on flat ground, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk up and down two steps, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase i am able to walk in the past 7d, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk a block on flat ground find pt  patient ord promis, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk at a normal speed find pt  patient ord promis, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase severe disability  still able to walk or stand unassisted, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk more than a mile, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk more than a mile find pt  patient ord promis, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to sense your feet when you walk find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to sense your feet when you walk, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase i am able to walk in the past 7d find 7d  patient ord facit, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to go for a walk of at least 15 minutes find pt  patient ord promis, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk up and down two steps find pt  patient ord promis, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase haq di with vas   able to walk outdoors on flat ground, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to walk only with the supervision or assistance of another person at all times, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase over the past w, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk outdoors on flat ground, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk outdoors on flat ground find 1w  patient ord haq, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk a block  about 100 m  on flat ground, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase are you able to walk a block  about 100 m  on flat ground find pt  patient ord promis, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase mobility endurance   able to walk or wheel 50 feet during 2d assessment period find 2d  patient ord care, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase mobility endurance   able to walk or wheel 50 feet during 2d assessment period, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to independently walk on even and uneven surfaces and negotiate stairs with or without railings  specifically  needs no human assistance or assistive device, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to independently walk on even uneven surfaces and climb stairs with or without railings  i e, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase needs no human assist or assist device, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase with the use of a one handed device  for example, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase cane, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase single crutch, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase hemi walker, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase able to independently walk on even and uneven surfaces and negotiate stairs with or without railings, then the category is able to walk.
If you hear the phrase superficial abrasion, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase skin abrasion, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase surgical abrasion, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion pharmacologic substance, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase corneal abrasion, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase dermabrasion, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase tooth abrasion, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase pleural abrasion, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of eyelid, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion and or friction burn with infection, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of face, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of scalp, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of trunk, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase interscapular, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase chest wall, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase breast, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase back, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase buttock, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase anus, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase flank, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase groin, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of perineum, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase penis, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase vulva, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of vagina, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase shoulder area, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase scapular area, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase forearm area, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of finger, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase thumb, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase hip, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase thigh, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase knee, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase lower leg, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase ankle, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of foot, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase toe, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of palate, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion and or friction burn of gum without infection, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of tongue, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of oropharynx, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of head, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of forehead, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of nose, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of cheek, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of oral cavity, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of neck, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of throat, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase abrasion of wrist, then the category is abrasion.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute inferior myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute posterior myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute anterior wall myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute anterior wall myocardial infarction   electrocardiographic finding, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute lateral myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute inferior myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute posterior myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute anteroseptal myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute right ventricular myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute non st segment elevation myocardial infarction  disorder, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase acute non q wave mi, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase ekg pattern consistent with acute mi, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute st segment elevation myocardial infarction of septum, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute anterobasal myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute anteroapical myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute anterolateral myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute anteroseptal myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of septal wall with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of inferior wall with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute inferobasal myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute inferoapical myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute inferolateral myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute inferoseptal myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of posterior wall with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute posteroapical myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute posterolateral myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute apicoseptal myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute apicolateral myocardial infarction, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of right ventricle with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute basolateral myocardial infarction with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of inferoposterior wall with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of posterobasal wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of high lateral wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute non q wave infarction   anteroseptal, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute non q wave infarction   anterolateral, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute non q wave infarction   inferior, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute non q wave infarction   inferolateral, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute non q wave infarction   lateral, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute non q wave infarction   widespread, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase interim stress electrocardiogram left bundle branch block consistent with acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of anterior wall with initial care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of anterior wall with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of lateral wall with initial care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of lateral wall with subsequent care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of posterior wall with initial care, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction initial care  new mi, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase acute st segment elevation myocardial infarction of inferior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase acute anterior st segment elevation myocardial infarction, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase acute st segment elevation myocardial infarction of posterolateral wall, then the category is acute mi.
If you hear the phrase subendocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of anterolateral wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute anteroapical myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute anteroseptal myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of apical lateral wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of posterolateral wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of atrium, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of septum, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of inferolateral wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of lateral wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute widespread myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute subendocardial myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial nontransmural infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute  myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase complications, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase hemopericardium following acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction pathway, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute transmural myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute anterobasal myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute inferobasal myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute inferoapical myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute inferoseptal myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute posteroapical myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute apical myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute apicoseptal myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute basolateral myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction during procedure, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction type, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase rule out acute myocardial infarction or immediate potential for acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute infarction of papillary muscle, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of basal lateral wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase true posterior myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase pericarditis secondary to acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of inferoposterior wall, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction with rupture of ventricle, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction  rehabilitation phase, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase chronic risk of acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute q wave myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase myocardial infarction acute after cabg, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute st segment elevation myocardial infarction  disorder, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase laceration  following acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase stent indications  acute myocardial infarction, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of right ventricle, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute myocardial infarction of left ventricle, then the category is acute myocardial infarction.
If you hear the phrase acute st elevation myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase stemi acute cardiac, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase acute st segment elevation myocardial infarction of inferior wall involving right ventricle, then the category is acute stemi.
If you hear the phrase acute st segment elevation myocardial infarction of anterior wall involving right ventricle, then the category is acute stemi.
If you hear the phrase nurs goals maintain approp level of consciousness   adequate circulation, then the category is adequate circulation.
If you hear the phrase obtain blood for determination of abg levels, then the category is adequate circulation.
If you hear the phrase ensuring adequate circulation to the extremity before and after blood withdrawal, then the category is adequate circulation.
If you hear the phrase advanced life support, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase advanced cardiac life support, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase advanced trauma life support, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase advanced trauma life support care, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase administer advanced cardiac life support, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase as indicated, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase level 2  als 2, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase transfer to another hospital with advanced life support, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase european resuscitation council advanced life support protocol, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase remind personnel of current advanced cardiac life support, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase as appropriate, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase transfer to another medical facility with advanced life support cardiac, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase transfer to another medical facility with advanced life support trauma, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase transfer to another medical facility with advanced life support pediatric, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase physician direction of emergency advanced life support paramedic services, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase physician direction of advanced life support by emergency medical system, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase american heart association advanced cardiac life support protocol, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase physician or other qualified health care professional direction of emergency medical systems  ems  emergency care, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase ambulance service, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase non emergency transport, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase level 1  als 1, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase emergency transport, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase level 1  als 1   emergency, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase non physician health care professional direction of advanced life support by emergency medical system, then the category is advanced life support.
If you hear the phrase agonal respiration, then the category is agonal breathing.
If you hear the phrase artificial airways, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway structure, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase ent surgical result airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase airway resistance test, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase asthma, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway management, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase nasopharyngeal, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase oropharyngeal, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway needle, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase structure of upper respiratory tract cavity, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway constriction, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway conductance, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase respiratory tract hemorrhage, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase respiratory tract structure, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway procedure, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway insertion, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway toilet, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase removal of airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase no obstruction of airway, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase airway pressure, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase via airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway suction technique, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase maintaining airway, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase maintain an open airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway disease, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary aspiration, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase airwatch airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway infant, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase disposable airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway proximal, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase laceration of airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway trauma, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway morbidity, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase temperature airway temp pt ventilator airway circuit qn, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase expiratory gas flow max vrat pt respiratory system airway qn, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway event, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase guedel airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway patency, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway burns, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase ent surgical result airway breathing, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase ent surgical result airway snoring, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway remodeling, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway edema, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase ventilator airway, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway extubation, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway status finding point in time  patient nominal, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway status, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase artificial airway type point in time  patient ordinal, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway hemangioma, then the category is airway.
If you hear the phrase airway compromise, then the category is airway compromise.
If you hear the phrase artificial airway management, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase airway care management, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase airway management training manikins, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase airway management training simulators, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase simulators, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase training, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase airway management intubation, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase follow protocol for management of the patient with an artificial airway, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase post operative teaching about airway management, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase post operative teaching about coughing, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase post operative teaching about deep breathing, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure ventilation  cpap, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase initiation and management, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase monitor for acute laryngeal spasm and tetany requiring emergency airway management, then the category is airway management.
If you hear the phrase nasal airway patent, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase establish and maintain a patent airway, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase maintain patent airway, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase as necessary, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase artificial airway patent, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase nursing goals respiratory maintain patent airway, then the category is airway patent.
If you hear the phrase consciousness clear, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert brand of caffeine, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert type point in time  patient nominal, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase how true feel alert right now, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase mentally alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase keep alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase stay alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert aid, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase redline alert test, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert level, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase observation alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase condition alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase lactation alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase lab alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase age alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase gender alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase genetic alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase reaction alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase intolerance alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase allergy alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase compliance alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase other alert finding point in time  patient nominal, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase other alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase quiet alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase active alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert affect, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert note, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase medical alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase patient alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase fulfillment alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase not equivalent alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase easily alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert status find pt  patient nom, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert status, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase adult alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase geriatric alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase pediatric alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase jet alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert priority, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert type, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alfred alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase emergency medical tags, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase medical alert identification bracelet, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase check for medical alert tags, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase less alert on arising, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase blood bank alert impression interpretation of study point in time  patient nominal, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase blood bank alert, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase alert composite resin, then the category is alert.
If you hear the phrase hypersensitivity, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase drug allergy, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase hay fever, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase photosensitivity allergic reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase phacoanaphylaxis, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase acute allergic reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to bee sting, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to penicillins, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to sulfa drugs, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to venom, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to insect venom, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to wasp sting, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase cutaneous hypersensitivity, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase monitor patient for allergic reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to cephalospori, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase tetracycline allergic reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to macrolide, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to sulphonamide, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to antibiotics, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase iodine allergic reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to stick plaste, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase cell mediated allergic reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic skin reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction prevention education, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase spider bite allergic reaction, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction assessment, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction education, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergy management, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to insect bite, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction control assessment, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction control education, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction control management, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase transfusion reaction due to allergen in blood, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase lichenoid allergic contact reaction, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase reaction  allergic, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase serum, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase food, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase dermatitis, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase vaccination  complications, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction   first, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction   recurrent, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction   repeating, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to nickel, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to bite and or sting, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to chemical, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to animal, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to detergent, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to weed pollen, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to cosmetics, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to adhesive, then the category is allergic reaction.
If you hear the phrase consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase level altered, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase abnormal mental state, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered acute, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered chronic, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered episode, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered fluctuating, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered obtundation, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered progressive, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered stupor, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered unresponsive, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase transient altered mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase altered mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase unspecified, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase medical altered mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase hiv related altered mental status, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered confusional state, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered responsiveness decreased, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered unknown etiology, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered vegetative state, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered confusional state acute, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status altered unresponsive deep pain, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase monitor for cns manifestations of hypomagnesemia  e g, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase insomnia, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase auditory and visual hallucinations, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase agitation, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase and personality change, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase documentation of medical reason s  for ordering an advanced brain imaging study  i e, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase patient has an abnormal neurological examination  patient has the coexistence of seizures, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase or both  recent onset of severe headache  change in the type of headache  signs of increased intracranial pressure  e g, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase papilledema, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase absent venous pulsations on funduscopic examination, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase focal neurologic deficits, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase signs of meningeal irritation   hiv positive patients with a new type of headache  immunocompromised patient with unexplained headache symptoms  patient on coagulopathy anti coagulation or anti platelet therapy  very young patients with unexplained headache symptoms, then the category is altered mental status.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone doxorubicin, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone vinblastine, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone mass pt dose qn, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone measurement, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone poisoning, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone allergy, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone overdose, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone hydrochloride, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone scnc pt ser plas qn, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone desethylamiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone and derivatives, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase phl amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase dom amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase scheinpharm amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase gen amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase novo amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase rhoxal amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase alti amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase apo amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase pms amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase ratio amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase riva amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone pill, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone injection, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone therapy, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase desoxoamiodrone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone doxorubicin etoposide, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase hyperthyroidism secondary to amiodarone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone mcnc pt ser plas qn, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone desethylamiodarone mcnc pt ser plas qn, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase serum amiodarone measurement, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone and desethylamiodarone measurement, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase accidental amiodarone poisoning, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase intentional amiodarone poisoning, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone poisoning of undetermined intent, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone adverse reaction, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase accidental amiodarone overdose, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase intentional amiodarone overdose, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone overdose of undetermined intent, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone hydrochloride 200 mg oral tablet, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone hydrochloride 100 mg oral tablet, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone mcnc pt body fld qn, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone oral tablet  pacerone, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone oral tablet, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone injectable solution, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase serum amiodarone level result, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone hydrochloride novaplus, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone peak mcnc pt ser plas qn, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amiodarone trough mcnc pt ser plas qn, then the category is amiodarone.
If you hear the phrase amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputated structure  morphologic abnormality, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation specimen code, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase hemipelvectomy, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase transmetacarpal amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase reamputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation  other amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of limb, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation stumps, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation above knee  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of leg through tibia and fibula, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase intrauterine, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase traumatic, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase apicoectomy, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase surgical disarticulation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of digit, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation care, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase resection of nose, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of finger, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase except thumb  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation knife, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase cineplastic amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase radical amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation stump procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase forequarter amputation  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of tail, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of upper limb, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of arm through shoulder, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase larrey shoulder disarticulation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase lisfranc shoulder disarticulation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of forearm through radius and ulna, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase transcarpal amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of hand  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of thumb, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase knee disarticulation  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of ankle  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase metatarsectomy, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase chopart type procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of toe  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of hallux, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of the foot  procedure, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase excision of hoof, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase excision of nipple, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of penis, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase clitoridectomy, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase cervicectomy, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation education, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase pirogoff s amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase amputation of lower limb, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase callander s amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase mazet amputation, then the category is amputation.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis  non medication, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactic shock, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase srs a, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase localized anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase cutaneous anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase exercise anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase idiopathic anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase food anaphylaxis, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis management, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase drug related anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis treatment, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase acute anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis prophylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase passive anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to substance, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase medication for anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase at risk of anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase history of anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis care, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase passive cutaneous anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase prausnitz kustner test, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase prostaglandin generating factor of anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactic transfusion reaction, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase eosinophilic chemotactic factor anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase venom induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase bee sting induced anaphylaxis, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase wasp sting induced anaphylaxis, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase peanut induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase seafood induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase egg white induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase drug induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase penicillin induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase insulin induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase human protein induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase seminal fluid induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase aeroallergen induced anaphylaxis, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to ingested food, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis secondary to bite and or sting, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to vegetable, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to mollusk, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to fish, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to fruit, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to shellfish, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactic reaction to nuts or seeds, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactic reaction to food additives, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactic reaction to milk products, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactic reaction to eggs, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis due to latex, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase anaphylaxis from anesthesia, then the category is anaphylaxis.
If you hear the phrase angioedema, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase angioedemas, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase hereditary, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase vibratory urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase vibratory angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase face angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase acute angio oedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema of larynx, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema aggravated, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase allergic angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase idiopathic angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase autoimmune angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema of eyelids, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema of lips, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema of tongue, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase cholinergic angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema and or urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase serping1 gene, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema  smq, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase acquired angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase history of angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase intestinal angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase angioedema agents, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase eye angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase respiratory angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase physical angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase cholinergic urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase idiopathic urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase urticaria due to cold, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase aquagenic, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase solar urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase hereditary c1 esterase inhibitor deficiency   deficient factor, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase hereditary c1 esterase inhibitor deficiency   dysfunctional factor, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase venom induced angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase food induced angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase drug aggravated angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase nsaid induced angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase aspirin induced angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase chemical aggravated angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase latex induced angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase penicillin induced angioedema urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase small bowel angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase ace inhibitor aggravated angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase pressure urticaria, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase idiopathic urticaria and or angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase allergic urticaria and or angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase autoimmune urticaria and or angioedema, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase episodic angioedema with eosinophilia, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase hereditary angioedema type iii, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase hereditary angioedema type ii, then the category is angioedema.
If you hear the phrase apnea, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase apnea adverse event, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase drug induced apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase sleep apnea syndromes, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea alarm, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase device, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase initial apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase late apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea in the newborn, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase terminal apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase chemoreceptor apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase deglutition apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase vagal apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase postanesthesia apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase ether apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase induced apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase traumatic apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apneic attack, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea of prematurity, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase suxamethonium apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase mivacurium apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase sleep apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase obstructive, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase central, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea   anesthetic, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase scoline apnoea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase infantile apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase recurrent apneic attacks, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnoea test, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase postanesthetic, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea interval time pt ventilator alarm qn, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea interval, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase sleep apnea  device, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase periods of apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase episodic, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase at risk of apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase central apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea duration, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea duration time pt respiratory system qn, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea monitor alarm, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase intermittent, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase central sleep apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase idiopathic central sleep apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase hypersomnia with sleep apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase insomnia with sleep apnea, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea monitors, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase neonatal, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase recording, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase sleep apnea recording, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea monitor surveillance, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase apnea monitor removal, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase home apnea monitor education, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase n 6  2  4 aminophenyl ethyladenosine, then the category is apnea.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase morphine sulphate atropine sulphate, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulphate injection, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate injection l a, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 6 mg oral tablet, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine   difenoxin, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase ophthalmic, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase minims atropine sulphate, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate powder, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 10 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 6 mg, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 4 mg, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate edrophonium chloride, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate monohydrate, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase meperidine hydrochloride   atropine sulfate, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 04 mg, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 0194 mg, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 0582 mg, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 025 mg, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate diphenoxylate hydrochloride drug combination, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate crystal, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate anhydrous, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 10 mg ml  isopto atropine, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate sterile ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 1 2 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 31 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 62 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 1 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 1 25 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 2 5 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase min i jet atropine sulphate, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 800micrograms 1ml injection, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 4 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase 1 ml atropine sulfate 1 mg ml injection, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 3 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 6 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 1 25 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 5 mg ml inhalant solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 005 mg mg ophthalmic ointment, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 5 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 5 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 01 mg mg ophthalmic ointment, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 2 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 2 mg ml inhalant solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 20 mg ml ophthalmic solution, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 1 mg ml, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 5 mg ml, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 0 8 mg ml, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 10 mg ml, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase atropine sulfate 5 mg ml, then the category is atropine sulfate.
If you hear the phrase bee sting, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by bee sting, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by honey bee sting, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by bumble bee sting, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase bee sting without reaction, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase sting bite by bee, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase allergy to insect sting bee, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase hymenoptera sting bee, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase bee sting kit, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase bee sting reaction, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase stung by bee or wasp, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by african honey bee sting, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactic  shock, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase following bite or sting, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase bee, then the category is bee sting.
If you hear the phrase overdose of beta adrenergic blocking drug, then the category is beta blocker overdose.
If you hear the phrase medical beta blocker poisoning overdose, then the category is beta blocker overdose.
If you hear the phrase hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase actual positive absence of bleeding process, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase goals regarding bleeding  no bleeding, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase bleeding time procedure, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase blood coagulation disorders, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase choroid hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase conjunctival hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase epistaxis, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase eye hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase fetomaternal transfusion, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase gastrointestinal hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase gingival hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hemarthrosis, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hematochezia, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hematoma, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase subdural, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hemopericardium, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hemoperitoneum, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hemostatic function, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hemothorax, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase metrorrhagia, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase oral hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase peptic ulcer hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase postmenopausal bleeding, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase postoperative hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase postpartum hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase retinal hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase subarachnoid hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase subconjunctival hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase traumatic hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase uterine hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase vitreous hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase blood loss, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase surgical, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase control of hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase bleeding precautions, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase bleeding reduction, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase adrenal hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase intracranial hemorrhages, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase muscle hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase retroperitoneal hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase withdrawal bleeding, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase hemorrhage of eyelid, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase pubertal menorrhagia, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase ovulation bleeding, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase postcoital bleeding, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase fetal blood loss, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase breast hemorrhage, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase umbilical bleeding, then the category is bleeding.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase finding of blood glucose level, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose self monitoring, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase hyperglycemia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase hypoglycemia, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase whole blood glucose test, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase glucose mcnc pt bld qn, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose determination by reagent strip  lab test, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase bedtime blood sugar measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase random blood glucose measurement, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase fasting blood glucose measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase post prandial blood glucose measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose method  procedure, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase laboratory blood glucose, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase glucometer blood glucose, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase capillary blood glucose measurement, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose testing strips, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose meters  medical device, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase accutrend blood glucose meter, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase exactech blood glucose meter, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase elevated blood glucose level, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose false positive, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose normal, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose abnormal, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose testing kit, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase glucotrend blood glucose meter, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose increased, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose decreased, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase answer blood glucose, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose book, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose strip, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase exactech blood glucose sensor, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase exactech  glucose  test strip, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose monitoring supplies, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase diabetic blood glucose monitoring, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose monitoring equipment, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase glucose scnc pt bld qn, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase assure blood glucose kit, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase atlast blood glucose system, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose fluctuation, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose analyzers, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose reflectance photometers, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase home blood glucose monitor, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase fasting blood glucose decreased, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase fasting blood glucose increased, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase fasting blood glucose abnormal, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase fasting blood glucose normal, then the category is blood glucose.
If you hear the phrase random blood glucose level result, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase fasting blood sugar result, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure determination, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure finding, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase systemic arterial pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase segmental pressure  blood pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase transducers, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase cuff pressure pres pt blood pressure device qn, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure goals  achieve stable blood pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase antihypertensive agents, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous sphygmomanometers, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase abnormal blood pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase hypertensive disease, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase hypotension, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure monitoring, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase venous blood pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure cuff, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase manometer sets, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase venous, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase central peripheral, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase monitors, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase physiologic, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase bedside, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase sphygmomanometers, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase aneroid sphygmomanometer, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase stimulators, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase carotid sinus nerve, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase biofeedback, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase regulation of blood pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure taking education, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase decreased blood pressure, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase not hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase increased venous pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic hypertension, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase abnormal blood pressure reading, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase aldosteronism, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase with normal blood pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase ambulatory, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure monitor analyzers, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase invasive blood pressure simulator, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase noninvasive blood pressure simulator, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase normal systolic arterial pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase abnormal systolic arterial pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase increased systolic arterial pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase decreased systolic arterial pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase normal diastolic arterial pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase abnormal diastolic arterial pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase increased diastolic arterial pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase decreased diastolic arterial pressure, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase elevated blood pressure reading without diagnosis of hypertension, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase conscious blood pressure control, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase no record of bp reading, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase bp abnormal   deleted, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase measurement of partial pressure of oxygen in blood, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase invasive systolic arterial pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic blood pressure, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase invasive diastolic arterial pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase mean blood pressure, then the category is blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase neonatal hypoglycemia, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase ketotic hypoglycemia, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar charts, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase random blood sugar normal, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase random blood sugar raised, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase random blood sugar low, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase test strip blood glucose measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar diagnostic, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase loss of control of blood sugar, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar level fluctuation, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase post prandial blood sugar result, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood glucose management, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reported lance site of home blood sugar check, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reported home blood sugar check was self performed, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reported home blood sugar check by caregiver, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reported home blood sugar check by nurse, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reported home blood sugar check not performable, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reported home blood sugar result below 80, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reported home blood sugar result over 200, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase fasting blood sugar measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase unstable blood sugar, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar monitoring, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase diabetes or high blood sugar, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar balance tablet, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase glucose tolerance test, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase hypoglycemic coma, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase fasting hypoglycemia, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase reactive hypoglycemia, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase lunch time blood sugar measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase supper time blood sugar measurement, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar management education individual, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar management education group, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase blood sugar management education family, then the category is blood sugar.
If you hear the phrase orifice area body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area pt  patient qn measured, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area point in time  patient quantitative, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area formula, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area     m2, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area increased, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area decreased, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase work body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase entire body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase cardiac output body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase hemodynamic resistance body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase skin burn body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase stroke volume body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area 2 chamber, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area 4 chamber, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area formula for cats, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area formula for dogs, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase boyd body surface area formula, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase mosteller body surface area formula, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase haycock body surface area formula, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase heart rate body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area measurement method type point in time  patient nominal, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area measurement method, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase diameter end systole body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase myocardial mass body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase oxygen consumption body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase first degree burn area body surface area ararea pt  patient qn estimated, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn area body surface area ararea pt  patient qn estimated, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn area body surface area ararea pt  patient qn estimated, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase fourth degree burn area body surface area ararea pt  patient qn estimated, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase first degree burn area body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn area body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn area body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase fourth degree burn area body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase body surface area pt  patient qn derived, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase renal area  surface region, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase formula used to compute body surface area type point in time formula nominal, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase minimize exposure of body surface area during procedures, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase cardiac output body surface area 2 chamber, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase cardiac output body surface area 4 chamber, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase stroke volume body surface area 2 chamber, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase stroke volume body surface area 4 chamber, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase dressing of burn, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase 10  of body surface area dressed, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase allograft to burn involving    12  body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase debridement of up to 10  of body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase debridement of each additional 10  of body surface area, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase dubois and dubois body surface area formula, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase gehan and george body surface area formula, then the category is body surface area.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia by ecg finding, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia tachycardia syndrome, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase vagal autonomic bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase reflex bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase fetal bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase baseline bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase monitor for bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia asymptomatic, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia episode, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase junctional bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase neonatal bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase syncope  bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase nodal bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase ecg  bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase sinus bradycardia adverse event, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase continuous electrocardiogram sinus bradycardia  finding, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia by auscultation, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase pulse slow  finding, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase sinoatrial bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia arrest, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia  rare, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase medical bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase at risk of bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase history of bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase central bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase severe, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase athletic bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase severe sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase persistent sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase av junctional  nodal  bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase o e   pulse rate   bradycardia, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia fetal intermittent, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase junctional bradycardia intermittent, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase junctional bradycardia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase sinus bradycardia asymptomatic, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic sinus bradycardia, then the category is symptomatic bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase bradycardia nos  excl foetal, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase drug induced bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy  fetal, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase c delivery  fetal bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase sick sinus syndrome 1, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase autosomal recessive, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase ecg  sinus bradycardia, then the category is bradycardia.
If you hear the phrase breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase breath tests, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breathing exercises, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase halitosis, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase inhalation therapy, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase mouth breathing, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiratory sounds, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase breath analyzer, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase shallow breathing, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase exhaled air  substance, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase respiratory rate, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase slow respiration, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase apneusis, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase bronchial breathing, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase ketotic breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breath holding, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase fetor hepaticus, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase onion breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase garlic breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase smell of alcohol on breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase uremic breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase lead breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase chest pain on breathing, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase smell of breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breath symptom, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breath normal, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase gasping for breath, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase catching breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breathing easily, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase respiratory pattern, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase able to breathe, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase unable to breathe, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase ability to breathe, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breath composition, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase nose breathing, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase pacemakers, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase out  of  breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase abnormal breathing, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breaths mechanical, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase inspiratory breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breathing abnormally deep, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase fetid  breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase breath stacking, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase single breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase alcoholic breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase milliliter per breath, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath   point in time  patient, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase breath away, then the category is breath.
If you hear the phrase have shortness of breath question, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase breathing strategies  slow breathing rate, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase tachypnea, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase o e   rate of respiration, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase unusually slow breathing rate, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase monitor respiratory rate and breathing pattern, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase good, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase strong cry  normal rate and effort of breathing, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase monitor work of breathing  e g, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase use of accessory muscles, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase and diaphoresis, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase pediatric home monitoring of breathing pauses during sleep, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase including breathing and heart rate, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase 30 day time period, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase with physician interpretation and report, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase receipt of transmissions and computer analysis, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase physician review and interpretation, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase testing of autonomic nervous system function  cardiovagal innervation  parasympathetic function, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase including two or more of the following  heart rate response to deep breathing with recorded r r interval, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase valsalva ratio, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase and 30 15 ratio, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase simultaneous, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase independent, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase quantitative measures of both parasympathetic function and sympathetic function, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase based on time frequency analysis of heart rate variability concurrent with time frequency analysis of continuous respiratory activity, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase with mean heart rate and blood pressure measures, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase during rest, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase paced  deep  breathing, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase valsalva maneuvers, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase and head up postural change, then the category is breathing rate.
If you hear the phrase burn injury, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase burn brand of nitrofurazone, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn specimen source codes, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn specimen, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burned medical device or device component, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn adverse event, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn centers, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn units, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase chemical burns, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase burns, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase electric, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase eye burns, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase heartburn, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn scar, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of trunk, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of esophagus, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn kit, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn dressings, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase sheets, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase wraps, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burning feet, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase pain, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase burning, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burning feeling vagina, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase corneal burn, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of mouth, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burning tongue, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase juvenile osteochondrosis of lower ulna, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase burn of ear, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of lip, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of chin, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of nose, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of scalp, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of neck, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of breast, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of abdominal wall, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of back, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of upper limb, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of shoulder, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of axilla, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of elbow, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of forearm, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of wrist, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of hand, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of palm, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of single finger, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase not thumb, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of thumb, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of the lower limb, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of thigh, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of knee, then the category is burn.
If you hear the phrase cervical spine, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase radiography of cervical spine, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase magnetic resonance imaging of cervical spine, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection finding point in time spine cervical narrative mri, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views 5 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase view 1 finding point in time spine cervical narrative xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views 3 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase view lateral find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase view swimmers find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection find pt spine cervical doc ct, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views portable finding point in time spine cervical narrative xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase view ap find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection find pt neck spine cervical doc xr tomography, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views 4 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views find pt neck spine cervical doc rf, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views 2 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views 7 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views oblique find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views find pt neck spine cervical   chest spine thoracic doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views limited find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views   oblique find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views 6 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection find pt neck spine cervical   chest spine thoracic doc mr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views find pt neck spine cervical doc rf video, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection find pt neck spine cervical doc us, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views find pt spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase guidance diagnostic for puncture find pt neck spine cervical doc  imaging modality, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views w contrast it find pt neck spine cervical   abdomen spine lumbar doc rf, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection wo contrast find pt neck spine cervical   abdomen spine lumbar doc ct, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection w contrast it find pt neck spine cervical doc ct, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection w anesthesia find pt neck spine cervical doc mr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views w flexion   w extension find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views ap   lateral find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views w contrast it find pt neck spine cervical doc rf, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection wo contrast find pt neck spine cervical doc ct, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection wo contrast find pt neck spine cervical doc mr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase view ap find pt neck spine cervical doc xr portable, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase guidance for percutaneous biopsy find pt neck spine cervical doc ct, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views find pt neck spine cervical   chest spine thoracic   abdomen spine lumbar doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase view lateral crosstable find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase va c p exam spine note find pt  setting  doc  role, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection find pt neck spine cervical   chest spine thoracic   abdomen spine lumbar doc mr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection w flexion   w extension find pt neck spine cervical doc mr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views 2 or 3 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views ge 4 find pt neck spine cervical doc xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase multisection w contrast it find pt neck spine cervical doc mr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase x ray of cervical spine  calcifications, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase x ray of cervical spine  osteophytes, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase x ray of cervical spine, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase views, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase view 1 portable finding point in time spine cervical narrative xr, then the category is c-spine.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blockers, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase atenolol calcium channel blocker, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker allergy, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase overdose of calcium channel blockers, then the category is calcium channel blocker overdose.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker treatment, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase am336, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker indicated, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker not indicated, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker contraindicated, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker declined, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker prophylaxis, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker activity, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker not tolerated, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker  epc, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker  epc, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker therapy, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker  disposition, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase accidental poisoning by calcium channel blocker, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase intentional poisoning by calcium channel blocker, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase calcium channel blocker adverse reaction, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase accidental overdose by calcium channel blocker, then the category is calcium channel blocker overdose.
If you hear the phrase intentional overdose by calcium channel blocker, then the category is calcium channel blocker overdose.
If you hear the phrase piperazine derivative calcium channel blocker, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase dihydropyridine derivative calcium channel blocker  substance, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase cystine glutamate transporter protein, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase amlodipine besylate   valsartan   hydrochlorothiazide, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase abt 639, then the category is calcium channel blocker.
If you hear the phrase medical calcium channel blocker poisoning overdose, then the category is calcium channel blocker overdose.
If you hear the phrase feeling calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calmodulin 1, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase snap91 gene, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase picalm gene, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase picalm wt allele, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm character, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm aid, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase uni calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm x, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm1 wt allele, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase appears calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase evening calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm mood, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase douxo calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase vpl equi calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase maintain calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase deliberate manner, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase use a calm, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase reassuring approach, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase using a calm reassuring manner, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase picalm protein, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase human, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase rat, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase calm and tranquil affect, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase picalm af10 fusion gene, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase citranatal b calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase citranatal b calm 30 day pack, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase i see myself as someone who remains calm in tense situations find pt  patient ord bfi, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase i can remain calm when facing difficulties because i can rely on my coping abilities find pt  patient ord gse, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase mllt10 picalm fusion protein, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase mouse, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase picalm mllt10 fusion protein, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase have you felt calm and peaceful, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm it down kit kit, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase mllt10 picalm fusion gene, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase douxo calm topical product, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase douxo calm shampoo, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase mll calm fusion protein, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase af10 calm fusion protein, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase rand 36   felt calm and peaceful, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase msqol 54   felt calm and peaceful, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase salicyloyl phytosphingosine 0 002 mg mg topical gel  douxo calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase douxo calm shampoo shampoo product, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase reassure and calm mother and support person s, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase state your perception in a calm, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase reassuring, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase and nonargumentative manner, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase use a calm and unhurried approach when interacting with the patient, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase matter of fact, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase display confident, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm manner and tolerant, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase understanding attitude, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase patient will remain calm and exhibit decreased signs of agitation, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase dimenhydrinate 50 mg oral tablet, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase discuss topics of interest to patient with a pleasant, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase calm approach, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase reassuring approach during asthma attack, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase pimreg gene, then the category is calm.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by carbon monoxide due to self inflicted overdose, then the category is carbon monoxide overdose.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by carbon monoxide from domestic fuels due to self inflicted overdose, then the category is carbon monoxide overdose.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by carbon monoxide from gas containers due to self inflicted overdose, then the category is carbon monoxide overdose.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by carbon monoxide from piped gas due to self inflicted overdose, then the category is carbon monoxide overdose.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by carbon monoxide from motor vehicle exhaust due to self inflicted overdose, then the category is carbon monoxide overdose.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by carbon monoxide from incomplete liquid propane gas combustion due to self inflicted overdose, then the category is carbon monoxide overdose.
If you hear the phrase cardiac arrhythmia, then the category is rhythm disturbance.
If you hear the phrase other specified cardiac arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase other cardiac dysrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase monitor for presence of cardiac arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase ventricular arrhythmias and cardiac arrest, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac arrhythmias  smq, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac catheterization complicated by arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase patient engagement  cardiac arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac arrhythmias  in some patients, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase treat cardiac arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase according to policy, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac arrhythmias resulting in sudden death, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase monitor for hypotension, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase and signs of respiratory distress, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac catheterization complicated by supraventricular tachycardia, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac catheterization complicated by ventricular fibrillation, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase risk of sudden death due to cardiac arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs of shock, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase e g, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase respiratory difficulty, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase and hypotension, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac catheterization arrhythmias and lower blood pressure caused termination of procedure, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase metabolic encephalomyopathic crises, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase recurrent, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase with rhabdomyolysis, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase and neurodegeneration, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase heterozygous mutation carriers may have late onset cardiac arrhythmias, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase monitor for cardiac manifestations of metabolic alkalosis  e g, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase arrhythmias, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase reduced contractility, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase and decreased cardiac output, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase monitor for cardiopulmonary manifestations of respiratory alkalosis  e g, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase decreased cardiac output, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase and hyperventilation, then the category is cardiac arrhythmias.
If you hear the phrase cardiac etiology, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea on exertion cardiac etiology, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase glycogenosis  cardiac  manifestation, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase thrombosis  syphilitic, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase cardiac  manifestation, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase syphilis  cardiac decompensation  manifestation, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase chest pain etiology non cardiac, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase cardiac arrest arrhythmia etiology unknown, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase cardiac valvular regurgitation likely etiology, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase disease  or disorder   cardiac valve, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase syphilitic, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase aortic  manifestation, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase disease of unknown etiology as indication for cardiac catheterization, then the category is cardiac etiology.
If you hear the phrase cardiac symptom, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase muscle symptoms precede cardiac symptoms, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase cardiac disorder signs and symptoms, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase cardiac signs and symptoms nec, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase onset of cardiac symptoms in adolescence, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase note signs and symptoms of decreased cardiac output, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase psychiatric symptoms find pt cardiac rehabilitation treatment nar, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase instruct patient family on symptoms of cardiac compromise indicating need for rest, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase females often show milder phenotype with later onset of cardiac symptoms, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase estimated time between onset of acute cardiac symptoms and death, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase estimated time between onset of acute cardiac symptoms and death time point in time  patient ordinal, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs and symptoms of hypomagnesemia  respiratory muscle depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase mental apathy, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase confusion, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase facial tics, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase spasticity, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase and cardiac dysrhythmias, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs and symptoms of hypocalcemia  irritability, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase muscle tetany, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase prolonged st segment and qt interval, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase bleeding, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase and fractures, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs and symptoms of hypokalemia  muscular weakness, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase cardiac irregularities  pvc, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase prolonged qt interval, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase flattened or depressed t wave, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase depressed st segment, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase presence of u wave, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase paresthesia, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase decreased reflexes, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase anorexia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase decreased gi motility, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase increased sensitivity to digitalis, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase and depressed respirations, then the category is cardiac symptoms.
If you hear the phrase shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase presyncope cardiogenic, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase syncope, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic mesoderm, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic area, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic cough, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase plant cardiac glycoside, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase acute cardiac pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic shock acute, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary congestion acute cardiogenic, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary congestion chronic cardiogenic, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase history of cardiogenic shock, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic plate morphogenesis, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase postoperative shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase non cardiogenic pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase postprocedural cardiogenic shock, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase sequela, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase non cardiogenic syncope, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase chylous pleural effusion due to congestive heart failure, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase non cardiogenic cough, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase entire cardiogenic mesoderm, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic shock as indication for cardiac catheterization, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase myocardial infarction cardiogenic shock postoperative, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase initial encounter, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase subsequent encounter, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase non chylous pleural effusion due to congestive heart failure, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase follow protocol for management of the patient with cardiogenic shock, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase x ray of chest  lungs pulmonary edema cardiogenic, then the category is cardiogenic.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic shock within 24 hours prior to procedure, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic shock within 24 hours prior to procedure history 24 hours  patient ordinal, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase cardiogenic shock unrelated to mechanical complications as current complication following acute myocardial infarction, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase early death may occur from cardiogenic shock preceded by arrhythmia, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase monitor for early signs of cardiogenic shock  declining cardiac output and urinary output, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase increasing svr and pcwp, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase crackles in the lungs, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase s3 and s4 heart sounds, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase and tachycardia, then the category is cardiogenic shock.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase for cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase not for cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation management, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase pacers, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase counting, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitator, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cpr education, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation emergency kits, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase aid, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation not attempted, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase rnox perform cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase rnox teach cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiorespiratory arrest with successful resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase thoughts on cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation mask, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation kit, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase discussion about cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation stop time, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase description of infant cardiopulmonary resuscitation techniques, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation discontinued as per protocol, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation discontinued   signs of death, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase thoughts on cardiopulmonary resuscitation find pt  patient nar reported, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation feedback device, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase manual, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase electronic, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation inspiratory impedance valve, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase single use, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation stop time tmstp pt  patient qn, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase advance directive   request for resuscitation that differs from cardiopulmonary resuscitation find pt  patient ord, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase advance directive   request for resuscitation that differs from cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase identification of importance of family learning cardiopulmonary resuscitation, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase description of age appropriate cardiopulmonary resuscitation techniques, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation discontinued due to do not resuscitate order, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation discontinued   medical control order, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation discontinued   return of spontaneous circulation, then the category is spontaneous circulation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation  or cardioversion performed within 24h of death, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase procedure kit trays, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase emergency, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase discussion about cardiopulmonary resuscitation with family member, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation impedance valve, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase inspiratory expiratory, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation was being given on arrival at destination find pt  patient ord, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation was being given on arrival at destination, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase trauma center pre hospital field therapy cardiopulmonary resuscitation continued, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase trauma center pre hospital field therapy cardiopulmonary resuscitation initiated, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase active compression decompression cardiopulmonary resuscitation with use of inspiratory impedance threshold device, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary resuscitation  or cardioversion performed within 24h of death find pt  patient ord, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase discussion about do not attempt cardiopulmonary resuscitation clinical decision, then the category is cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
If you hear the phrase cat bite, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase bite, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase cat, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase cat bite   wound, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase cat bite fever, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase reported bite or scratch by cat, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase pasteurella septic infection  cat or dog bite, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase septic infection cat bite due to p  septica, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase open wound of hand due to cat bite, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase open wound of forearm due to cat bite, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase localized septic infection by cat and or dog bite due to pasteurella multocida, then the category is cat bite.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase impending cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase sneddon syndrome, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase extension of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase brain hemorrhage, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase history of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cocaine induced cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase acute cerebrovascular accidents, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident prophylaxis, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase ischemic stroke, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident annual review, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase old  cva, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase apraxia due to cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebromalacia due to cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident hx pt  patient ord reported, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident with intracranial hemorrhage, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident  in some patients, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase sequela of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase chronic cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase suspected cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase history of lacunar cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase history of parietal cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase post cerebrovascular accident epilepsy, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident hx pt  patient ord, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase pain following cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cva  cerebrovascular accident  during surgery, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase education about stroke, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase epilepsy due to cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase paraplegia as sequela of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase dysarthria due to and following cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase dysphasia due to and following cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase ataxia as sequela of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase apraxia as sequela of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase acute but ill defined cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase vascular accident in cerebrovascular disease  manifestation, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident find pt  patient ord mds, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase dysphagia as a late effect of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase hemiplegia as late effect of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase aphasia as late effect of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase history of cerebrovascular accident with residual deficit, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase hemiparesis as late effect of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase spasticity as sequela of stroke, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase weakness as a late effect of stroke, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular accident six month review, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase left hemiplegia from cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase weakness as late effect of cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase dysphasia due to and following ischemic cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase dysarthria due to and following hemorrhagic cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase dysphasia due to and following embolic cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase dysphasia due to and following hemorrhagic cerebrovascular accident, then the category is cerebrovascular accident.
If you hear the phrase chemicals, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical or textual reference to actual test or parameter, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical ingredients  chemical ingredient, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase acetaminophen, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase buffers, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase carbamazepine, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase carcinogens, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemexfoliation, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical engineering, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical industry, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical solution, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical suspension, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical synthesis, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical warfare, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase coenzyme a, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase cyclosporine, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase defoliants, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase dictionaries, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase digoxin, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase elements, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase food preservatives, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical fractionation, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase glycerin, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase hazardous chemicals, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase hypophysectomy, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase inorganic chemicals, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase irritants, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase models, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase molecular vaccines, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase nerve block, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase nicotine, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase organic chemicals, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase oxygen, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase phenobarbital, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase phenytoin, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase poisons, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase stimulation, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase substance dependence, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical surfactants, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase sympathectomy, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase vigabatrin, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical aspects, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical conjunctivitis, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical plants, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical workers, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical systems, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical senses, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chemical binding, then the category is chemical.
If you hear the phrase chest pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase chest pain finding point in time  patient ordinal, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest wall pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase retrosternal pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain site anterior chest, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain site lower chest, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain site posterior chest, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase angina pectoris, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase angina, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase unstable, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase pleuritic pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase other chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase angina decubitus, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase xiphodynia, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase dull chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase precordial pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain on exertion, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase radiating chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase crushing chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase pleuropericardial chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase esophageal chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest burning pain of, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase nonpleuritic, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase sharp chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase atypical chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain nec in mdr, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain at rest, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase central chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain not present, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase cardiac pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain rating, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase central crushing chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase anterior chest wall pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase musculoskeletal chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase non cardiac chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase pain in throat and chest, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase evaluate changes in chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase acute chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase left sided chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase right sided chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase upper chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase costal margin chest pain, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain syndrome, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain angina, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain atypical prolonged, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain atypical recurrent, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain atypical syndrome, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain char heavy, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain char pleuritic, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain char sharp, then the category is chest pain.
If you hear the phrase observe for rise of chest without gastric distention to check placement, then the category is chest rise.
If you hear the phrase chronic disease, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase reported history of chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase anemia of chronic disease, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase chronic mental disorder, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase chronic illness indicator type pt  patient nom cphs, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase chronic illness indicator, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase anemia in other chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase chronic disease process education, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase coping with chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase anemia due to chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase continuous chronic illness with deterioration, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase continuous chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase chronic factitious illness with physical symptoms, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase provision of recurring care for chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase verbalizes chronic illness diagnosis and severity, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase chronic illness perception assessment scale, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase reported chronic illness untreated due to lack of insurance, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase reported chronic illness before age 30, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase victim of discrimination due to chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase obtains immunizations recommended with chronic illness by the american academy of pediatrics or united states public health service, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase chronic emotional stress from illness in family, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase vaccination not carried out due to chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase school absenteeism due to serious chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase immunization not carried out because of chronic illness or condition of patient, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit fatigue scale, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy diarrhea, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   abdominal discomfort, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit dyspnea 10 item short form, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase facit sp   non illness   version 4   point in time  patient   facit, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   spiritual well being   non illness questionnaire   version 4, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase assist the patient to grieve and work through the losses of chronic illness and or disability, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase if appropriate, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase students with chronic illness or special needs managed according to ihp iep, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase evidence of advocacy efforts for prevention, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase treatment, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase and management of chronic illness, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase pediatric   functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   fatigue questionnaire, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   diarrhea questionnaire   version 4, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit   general measures   point in time  patient   facit, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit   general measures, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit   cancer specific measures   point in time  patient   facit, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   cancer specific measures panel, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   cancer specific symptom indexes panel, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit   treatment specific measures   point in time  patient   facit, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   treatment specific measures panel, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   non cancer specific measures panel, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit   symptom specific measures   point in time  patient   facit, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   symptom specific measures panel, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit   pediatric measures   point in time  patient   facit, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy   pediatric measures panel, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase facit   ai   point in time  patient   facit, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy for patients with ascites questionnaire, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase functional assessment of chronic illness therapy fatigue version 4 questionnaire, then the category is chronic illness.
If you hear the phrase blood circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase circulatory process, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase assisted circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase cerebrovascular circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase collateral circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase coronary circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase cross circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase enterohepatic circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase extracorporeal circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase liver circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase persistent fetal circulation syndrome, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase renal circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase splanchnic circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase systemic circulatory system, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary circulatory system, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase portal venous system, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase vasospasm reflex, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase cerebrospinal fluid circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase circulation   other, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase uteroplacental circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase peripheral perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase bad blood or lymph circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase circulation status, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase circulation component, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase assessment  circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase circulation maintenance, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase bile circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase bronchus circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase eye circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase gastrointestinal circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase lymphatic circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase pituitary circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase retina circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase skeletal circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase skin circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase adrenal circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase choroidal circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase bone circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase cartilage circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase protocols  circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase disorder of circulatory system, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase circulation problem, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase artificial, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase placental circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase fetoplacental circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase fetus circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase embryo circulation, then the category is circulation.
If you hear the phrase thermometers, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase liquid crystal, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase adcs cgic   clinical impression of change from baseline, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase swing bed clinical change assessment, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase swing bed clinical change assessment find pt  patient ord cms assessment, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase clinical change by non invasive imaging procedure, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase clinical trial patient database change control, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase variable clinical presentation that may change with age, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase alzheimer s disease cooperative study clinical global impression of change questionnaire, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase cdisc questionnaire adcs cgic test name terminology, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase cdisc questionnaire adcs cgic test code terminology, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase unscheduled assessment used for pps  omra, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase significant or clinical change, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase or significant correction assessment, then the category is clinical change.
If you hear the phrase cold exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase headache due to cold exposure, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to excessive natural cold as an external cause of morbidity and mortality, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase cold exposure injury, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase recent exposure to cold environment, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase severe or prolonged cold exposure, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase effects of exposure to cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase heat cold exposure, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase environmental cold exposure, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase episodes are triggered by cold exposure, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to cold temperature, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident due to excessive cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase suicide or self injury by exposure to cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase environmental triggers   cold and wet exposure, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase blood in urine occurs after exposure to cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to excessive natural cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase lesions worsen with exposure to cold  uncommon, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase a subset of patients have aggravation on cold exposure   cold paresis, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident due to dry ice, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident due to liquid air, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident due to liquid nitrogen, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to excessive cold of man made origin as an external cause of morbidity and mortality, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase x exposure to excessive natural cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence at home, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence in residential institution, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence on street and highway, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence on farm, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence at unspecified place, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident caused by prolonged cold exposure to liquid hydrogen, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident caused by prolonged cold exposure in refrigerator, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase work restrictions must avoid prolonged exposure to cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to other excessive cold of man made origin, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase intentional self harm by exposure to extremes of cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase cutaneous symptoms induced by cold exposure or cooling, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase self inflicted injuries by exposure to extremes of cold, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase profuse sweating of the upper body induced by cold exposure, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase vasculitic symptoms are associated with cold exposure  in some patients, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident due to deep freeze unit, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase x exposure to excessive cold of man made origin, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence at sports and athletics area, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence at trade and service area, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence at industrial and construction area, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase occurrence at other specified place, then the category is cold exposure.
If you hear the phrase collision, then the category is collisions.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive rheumatic heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase acute congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase chronic congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase biventricular congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure clinical, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure compensated, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure decompensated, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure iatrogenic, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure multifactorial, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure no documentation, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure recurrent, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure treated, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure  nonhypertensive, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure monitoring, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase investigational congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase systolic congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure analyzers, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase exacerbation of congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure clinic, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure at presentation, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure with right heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase combined systolic  congestive  and diastolic  congestive  heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase rheumatic left ventricular failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure acute exacerbation, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase high output congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase left sided congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure new onset, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase right sided congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure systolic dysfunction, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase heart failure, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase systolic, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase chronic systolic heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure  in a subset of patients, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase cardiac catheterization in lab complication  congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase rheumatic biventricular failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase rheumatic right ventricular failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase acute diastolic congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase family history of congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase chronic diastolic heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase nutrition therapy for congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase patient engagement  congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure stage d, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure stage c, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure stage b, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure  in some patients, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase acute exacerbation of chronic congestive heart failure, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase congestive heart failure due to cardiomyopathy, then the category is congestive heart failure.
If you hear the phrase conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase conscious mind, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase fully conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase semiconscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase conscious level, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase self conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase o e   fully conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase person feigning illness, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase tends to be self conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase tends not to be self conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase o e   conscious level fluctuating, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase minimally conscious state, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase non intravenous conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase history of loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase multisection w conscious sedation find pt xxx doc ct, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase multisection w conscious sedation find pt xxx doc mr, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase w conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase moderate  conscious  sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase post conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase pre conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase history of failed conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase conscious oral sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase self conscious due to problems with teeth, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase dentures or mouth, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase self conscious if grooming is wrong, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase hindlimb conscious proprioception deficit, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase hindlimb conscious proprioception normal, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase forelimb conscious proprioception deficit, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase forelimb conscious proprioception normal, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase unresponsive or minimally conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase care of conscious patient, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase can pronounce conscious, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase can pronounce conscious find pt  patient ord nih toolbox, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase minimally conscious state minus, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase minimally conscious state plus, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase breaths post conscious sedation nrat pt respiratory system qn, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase breaths pre conscious sedation nrat pt respiratory system qn, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase provide nonjudgmental support for the conscious patient, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase non intravenous conscious sedation of face, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase failed conscious sedation during procedure, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase conscious sedation failure during procedure, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase personal history of failed conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase feel self conscious about appearance, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase rnax assist with iv conscious sedation, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase dlqi   embarrassed because of skin, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase intravenous conscious sedation analgesia   first 30 minutes, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase conscious sedation by physician not performing supported service, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase conscious sedation by physician performing supported service, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase non intravenous conscious sedation of nose and sinuses, then the category is conscious.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase continuing positive airway pressure unit, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase intermittent cpap, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase nasal continuous positive airway pressure, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase biphasic continuous positive airway pressure, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure attachment finding point in time  patient document, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure attachment, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure titration, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure bilevel positive airway pressure mask, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase cpap nasal oxygen cannula, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase pressure continuous positive airway pres pt respiratory system qn, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure  cpap  ventilators, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure ventilation weaning protocol, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase dependence on continuous positive airway pressure ventilation, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase has cpap at home, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure to nonventilated lung, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous   bi level positive airway pressure, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase home cpap unit, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase neonatal infant continuous positive airway pressure unit, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure ventilation treatment not tolerated, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase emergency continuous positive airway pressure device, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase nebulizing, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase respiratory equipment continuous positive airway pressure device  cpap, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase pressure continuous positive airway pres 24h mean respiratory system qn, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase pressure continuous positive airway pres 24h max respiratory system qn, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase pressure continuous positive airway pres 24h median respiratory system qn, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase non nebulizing, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase cpap using humidified air, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase continuous positive airway pressure ventilation     hours per day, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase combination oral nasal mask, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase used with continuous positive airway pressure device, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase each, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase assistance with respiratory ventilation, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase less than 24 consecutive hours, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase 24 96 consecutive hours, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase greater than 96 consecutive hours, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase respiratory assist device, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase bi level pressure capability, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase without backup rate feature, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase used with noninvasive interface, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase nasal or facial mask  intermittent assist device with continuous positive airway pressure device, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase with back up rate feature, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase with backup rate feature, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase used with invasive interface, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase tracheostomy tube  intermittent assist device with continuous positive airway pressure device, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase polysomnography  age 6 years or older, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase sleep staging with 4 or more additional parameters of sleep, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase with initiation of continuous positive airway pressure therapy or bilevel ventilation, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase attended by a technologist, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase polysomnography  younger than 6 years, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase with initiation of continuous positive airway pressure therapy or bi level ventilation, then the category is continuous positive airway pressure.
If you hear the phrase contusions, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase contusion absent, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase brain contusion, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of trunk, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of breast, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of chest, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of back, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion upper limb, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of wrist, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of thigh, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of hip, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of knee, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of foot, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of ankle, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of toe, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of kidney, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase muscle contusion, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of cerebral cortex, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase myocardial contusions, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of cheek, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of ear, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of nose, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of lip, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of gingivae, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of scalp, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of neck, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase throat, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of flank, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of groin, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of buttock, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of penis, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of scrotum, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of testis, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of labium, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of vulva, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of vagina, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of perineum, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of fingernail, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of thumb, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of thumb nail, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of lower limb, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of toenail, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase angle recession glaucoma, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase postmortem contusion, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of eyelid, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase traumatic pneumonia, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase arterial contusion, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of vein, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of palate, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase contusion of tongue, then the category is contusion.
If you hear the phrase coughing, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase cough adverse event, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase have been coughing, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough  guaifenesin, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase usual severity cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase how much distress cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough frequency, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase no cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough x cough relief, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase antitussive agents, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase chronic cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase pertussis, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase whooping cough due to unspecified organism, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase encouragement of deep breathing and coughing exercises, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase decreased coughing, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase paroxysmal cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase nocturnal cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough at rest, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase postural cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase tussive, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase barking cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase explosive, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase hacking cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase productive cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase staccato, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase morning cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase smokers  cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase weavers  cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase infectious canine tracheobronchitis, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase spasmodic cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase bovine cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase brassy cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase psychogenic cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase millers  asthma, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase specimen type   sputum   coughed, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase painful cough, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase unable to cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase character of cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough swab, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase chesty cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough drop, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase coughing ineffective, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough with hemorrhage, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase cough suppression, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase persistent cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase ability to cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase does not cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase croupy cough, then the category is cough.
If you hear the phrase insurance cost due to aodu, then the category is crashes.
If you hear the phrase brainstem death criteria, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase brainstem death criteria fulfilled, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase brainstem death criteria not fulfilled, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase anticipate organ suitability for donation, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase depending on criteria of death, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase brainstem death criteria fulfilled after second examination, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase brainstem death criteria fulfilled after first examination, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase prepare to articulate current criteria for brain death in terms that family members can understand, then the category is criteria for death.
If you hear the phrase deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase congenital anomaly of cartilage, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase dystrophia unguium, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformity of upper limb, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed pupil, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase joint deformity, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformity of knee joint, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase sperm deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase pylorus deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase abnormality of the pinna, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformity of penis, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed limbs, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed digits, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed radius, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed humerus, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase dfd protein, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase drosophila, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed duodenal cap, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase o e   bone deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformation of tympanic membrane, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase pyloric bulb deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase ulcerogenic deformed duodenum, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed wing virus, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase dwg protein, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase wide, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed femoral neck, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed rib cage, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed sella turcica, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase short deformed femurs, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed tarsal bones, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase hypoplastic absent deformed ulna, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase hypoplastic absent deformed radius, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase short, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed tubular bones, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase toes have become deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase foot appears deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase right foot appears deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase left foot appears deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase both feet appear deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase left pupil deformed, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed temporal lobes, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase repair of deformed hand, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase reconstruction of congenitally deformed foot, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed clavicles  in some patients, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase flattened moderately deformed vertebrae, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed humeral heads, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed forearm bones, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase duodenoscopy deformed duodenal bulb, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase deformed ribs  in some patients, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase obstructed labor due to deformed pelvis, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase unilateral external ear deformity, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase echocardiography  deformed tricuspid aortic valve, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase lateral sulci of prostate deformed by nodule, then the category is deformed.
If you hear the phrase congenital abnormality, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase toe x ray   deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase multiple congenital anomalies, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital arteriovenous malformation, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital clubfoot, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase equinus deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase eye abnormalities, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase foot deformities, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital foot deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase hand deformities, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital heart defects, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital hypoplasia, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase jaw abnormalities, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase kyphosis deformity of spine, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase deformity of metatarsal, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase pupil malformations, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase skin abnormalities, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase talipes cavus, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase tooth abnormalities, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase unspecified deformity of forearm, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase excluding fingers, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase valgus deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase deformity of toe, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase achilles bursitis, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase arterial malformation, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase sprengel deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase madelung deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase corneal deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase acquired cubitus varus, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase boutonni re deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital anomaly of lung, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital anomaly of tongue, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase anomalies of pancreas, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital anomaly of ovary, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital anomaly of diaphragm, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase congenital anomaly of adrenal gland, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase deformity of orbit, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase traumatic abnormality, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase acquired deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase abnormality of the skull, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase cartilage deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase chest deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase ear deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase deformity of limb, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase deformity of hip joint, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase knuckle deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase nail deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase deformity of the nose, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase pupillary deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase scrotum  deformity, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase acquired, then the category is deformity.
If you hear the phrase diabetic, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic angiopathies, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic cataract, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic diet, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetic nephropathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic neuropathies, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic retinopathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase nodular glomerulosclerosis, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase microangiopathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy in diabetics, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase diabetic ophthalmoplegia, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic care, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic education, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic foot, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase eruptive xanthoma, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase vulvitis, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase gastroparesis due to diabetes mellitus, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic radiculopathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic mononeuropathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic polyneuropathies, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic pseudotabes, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic amyotrophy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic urine, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic iritis, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic maculopathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic oculopathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase complications of diabetes mellitus, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase prediabetes syndrome, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase hollow visceral neuropathy, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase diabetic dermopathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase bullosis diabeticorum, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic thick skin syndrome, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic hand syndrome, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic rubeosis, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic monitoring, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic on insulin, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic child, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic jam, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic marmalade, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic chocolate, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic stabilization, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic arthropathy, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic gangrene, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic nurse, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic department, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic dm, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic expectorant, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic suppressant, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diabetic tuss, then the category is diabetic.
If you hear the phrase diarrhea, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase diarrhea adverse event, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase have diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase how much distress diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase usual severity diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase how often diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase diarrhea not present, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase balantidiasis, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase infantile diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase dysentery, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase sprue, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase tropical, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase hemorrhagic diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase enteritis due to specified virus, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase functional diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase postprandial diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase chronic constipation with overflow, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase nervous diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase neonatal diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase clostridium difficile diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase intermittent diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase watery diarrhoea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase mucous diarrhoea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase non infective diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase allergic diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase dietetic diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase osmotic diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase secretory diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase postcholecystectomy diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase enteric campylobacteriosis, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase protozoal intestinal disease, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase dientamoeba fragilis infection, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase dysenteric diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase epidemic diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase traveler s diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase hill diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase post vagotomy syndrome, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase flagellate diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase chronic diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase prototheca diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase toddler diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase protracted diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase diarrhea and vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase symptom, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase monitor for diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase inflammatory diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase cryptosporidium  diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase anti diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase diarrhea and cramp, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase acute diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase aids diarrhea, then the category is diarrhea.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pressure point in time arterial system quantitative, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic expiration pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic inspiration pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic sitting pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic standing pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic supine pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure diastolic elevation, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt circulatory system xxx qn us, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase target diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase minimum diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase maximum diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase average diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase standing diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic blood pressure measurement, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase sitting diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase lying diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic blood pressure with activity, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase elevated diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase reported diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic blood pressure at rest, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic blood pressure with stress, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure systolic   diastolic, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure systolic   diastolic pressure point in time arterial system quantitative, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase diastolic blood pressure on admission, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt arterial system qn invasive, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt arterial system qn noninvasive, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt aorta qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase baseline diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic goal pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase non invasive diastolic arterial pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase o e   diastolic bp reading, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt coronary sinus qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt ductus arteriosus qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt hepatic artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt mesenteric artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt pulmonary artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt splenic artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt brachial artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt femoral artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt radial artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres pt umbilical artery qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular diastolic pres enctr frst arterial system qn, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase 24 hour diastolic blood pressure, then the category is diastolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase breathing dysregulation, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea on exertion, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase anxiety caused by difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty controlling breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase resting dyspnea, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing with ventilator, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing on own, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase episodic respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase chronic difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase chronic difficulty breathing with no change, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase physical disability due to severe breathing difficulty, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing worse at night, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing with air hunger, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing with feeling of strangulation, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing with feeling of suffocation, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing changes with position, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase recent difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase occurrence of difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase anxiety with difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase unremitting difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase condition causing difficulty with breathing find pt  patient nom phenx, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase condition causing difficulty with breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing through the nostrils, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase progressive breathing difficulty, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase chest pain accompanied by difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase chronic difficulty breathing with gradual exacerbation, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase chronic difficulty breathing with sudden exacerbation, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing worsens with lying down, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing worsens with sitting up, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing occurs with environmental exposure, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing better with sitting up, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase recent difficulty breathing with rapid progression, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase recent difficulty breathing with sudden onset, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase recurrent episodes of acute difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing while jogging or running, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing while walking inside, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase has your child ever had a condition causing difficulty with breathing find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase did any difficulties with breathing occur before, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase during, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase or after surgery find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase nature of allergic reaction   difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase trepopnea, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase supine dyspnoea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase breathing difficulty due to vocal cord paralysis, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase chronic difficulty breathing preceded by chronic cough, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase severe dyspnea requiring oxygen, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase ent procedure possible limitations and risks discussed include residual difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase ent procedure possible limitations and risks discussed include worsened difficulty breathing, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing after climbing      steps of stairs, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty breathing after walking up      flights of stairs, then the category is difficulty breathing.
If you hear the phrase distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase emotional distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase fetal distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase spiritual distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase epigastric distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase mental distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase abdominal distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase back distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase chest discomfort, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase maternal distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase distress gastrointestinal, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase newborn distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase family distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase gastric distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase psychological distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase cardio respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase distress of nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase distress of retching, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase distress of vomiting, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase moral distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase patient appears in no acute distress  physical finding, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase feel fatigue, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase distress vocalization, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase able to concentrate question, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase feeling upset, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase traumatic distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase separation distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase social distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase sleep quality question, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase appearance distress question, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase breathing distress question, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase outlook distress question, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase pain distress question, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase appetite quality question, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase nausea distress, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nccn distress thermometer and problem list for patients version 2 2016, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase distress score visual analogue scale, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase assessment of distress, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase hyaline membrane disease, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress syndrome, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase newborn, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase adult, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase nonspecific distress cry, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase chest distressed feeling of, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase animal distress calls, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase acute respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase nec, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase in liveborn infant, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase perinatal respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase maternal distress with postnatal problem, then the category is distress.
If you hear the phrase distributive shock, then the category is distributive shock.
If you hear the phrase vertigo, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness adverse event, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase have dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase how often dizzy, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase usual severity dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase how much distress dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase no dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase psychogenic vertigo, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase postural dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase exertional dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase multisensory dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness present, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness and giddiness symptoms, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase giddiness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase vertigo dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness aggravated, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness chronic, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness intermittent, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase positional dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase postoperative dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase epidemic  dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase hysterical  giddiness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase syndrome  dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness or vertigo, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase procedural dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase preceding dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase recurrent dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase no history of dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase phq 15   dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase mpai 4   abilities  dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase assessing dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase assessment of dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase phq screener version   dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase bothered by dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase lightheadedness, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase horizontal vertigo, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase persistent postural perceptual dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness etiology unknown, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase conditions associated with dizziness or vertigo, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase vertigo  excl dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase labyrinthitis  excl dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase aural, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase post procedural dizziness, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase dizziness or vertigo find pt  patient ord mds, then the category is dizziness.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dnr   do not resuscitate, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase do not resuscitate find pt  setting  doc  role, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin dna, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase do not resuscitate orders, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin hydroxyurea, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin tamoxifen, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cyclophosphamide daunorubicin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin dexamethasone, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase n  4  daunorubicin n carbonyl oxymethyl phenyl  o glucuronyl carbamate, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin tretinoin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dnr on file, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dnr on file rescinded, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dnr status, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase 4  o  oleandrosyl daunorubicin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cytarabine daunorubicin thioguanine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase asparaginase daunorubicin prednisone vincristine chemotherapy protocol, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin prednisone vincristine protocol, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase amsacrine cytarabine daunorubicin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase ancitabine hydrochloride daunorubicin mercaptopurine prednisolone, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase asparaginase cytarabine daunorubicin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cytarabine daunorubicin protocol, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase asparaginase daunorubicin prednisolone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin dexamethasone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cyclosporine cytarabine daunorubicin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin methylprednisolone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase asparaginase daunorubicin prednisolone vindesine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cyclophosphamide daunorubicin dexamethasone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cyclophosphamide cytarabine daunorubicin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dnr protein, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase pseudomonas aeruginosa, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase 4  11c methoxy dnr, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cyclophosphamide daunorubicin prednisone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase asparaginase daunorubicin dexamethasone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cytarabine daunorubicin tretinoin, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin dexamethasone methotrexate vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin imatinib mesylate prednisone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cytarabine daunorubicin oblimersen, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cytarabine daunorubicin zosuquidar trihydrochloride, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase daunorubicin binding protein, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dnr bp54 protein, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cytarabine daunorubicin tipifarnib, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase active dnr on file, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase inactive dnr on file, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase rhodococcus sp  dnr 2, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dnr expressing nasopharyngeal carcinoma specific cytotoxic t lymphocytes, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dav regimen, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase cytarabine daunorubicin mercaptopurine prednisolone, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase roap protocol, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase asparaginase daunorubicin methotrexate prednisone vincristine, then the category is dnr.
If you hear the phrase dog bite, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite specimen code, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase reported bite by dog  history, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase superficial dog bite wound, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase deep dog bite, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite   wound, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of head and neck, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of head, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of scalp, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of face, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of forehead, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of eye region, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of ear region, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of nose, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of cheek, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of mouth, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of neck, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of throat, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of upper limb, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of shoulder, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of axilla, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of upper arm, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of elbow, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of forearm, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of wrist, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of hand, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of dorsum of hand, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of palm of hand, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of finger, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of thumb, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of trunk, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of back, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of chest, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of abdomen, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of pelvic region, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of perineum, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of genitalia, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of groin, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of lower limb, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of buttock, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of hip, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of thigh, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of knee, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of lower leg, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of shin, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of calf, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of ankle, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of foot, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of toe, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dog bite of great toe, then the category is dog bite.
If you hear the phrase dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin brand of emollient, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin adverse event, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase o e   dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase moisturize dry, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase unbroken skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase keep skin clean and dry, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase asteatotic eczema, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase hot dry skin, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase o e   abdominal skin dry, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin conditioning lotion, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase moist dry skin cream, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase k l dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of hand, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin moisturizing lotion, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase c o  dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase topical cream, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin prophylaxis, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin aggravated, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase esoterica dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase thick skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase smooth, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase thin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry palmar skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase scaly skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase generalized dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase parental observations dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase chronic dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase localized dry skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin localized to face, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin localized to feet, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin localized to hand, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin localized to shins, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin with cracking, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of right hand, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of left hand, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of both hands, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of face, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of shin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of right shin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of left shin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of both shins, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of foot, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of right foot, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of left foot, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin of both feet, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase bumpy skin, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase dry skin moisturising, then the category is dry skin.
If you hear the phrase cardiovascular surgery result  dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase no dyspnoea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea screened, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase no dyspnea or mild dyspnea  pall cr, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase paroxysmal, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase progressive, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea associated with aids, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase inspiratory dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase expiratory dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase nocturnal dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase o e   dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase acute dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea recumbent, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea management, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnoea exacerbated, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea  asthmatic, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea  cardiac, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase hyperventilation  dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase newborn  dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase uremic  dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase cardiovascular surgery result  dyspnea eliminated, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase cardiovascular surgery result  dyspnea unchanged, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase acquired dyspnea assessed, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea not screened  pall cr, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase neonatal dyspnea, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea  rare, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase breathlessness care, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase moderate or severe dyspnea  pall cr, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase other respiratory abnormalities, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea and respiratory abnormalities, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase class i, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase class ii, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase class iii, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase class iv, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea after eating, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea leaning over, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea raising arms, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase position to alleviate dyspnea  e g, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase semi fowler position, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea on exertion increased, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea on exertion new onset, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea on exertion progressive, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea on exertion stable, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase borg breathlessness score finding, then the category is dyspnea.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase exercise tolerance test abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ecg abnormalities non specific, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  p wave abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  q wave abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  r wave abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  s wave abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  t wave abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  u wave abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  qrs complex abnormal, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase ekg admission abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase abnormal electrocardiogram  ecg   ekg, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase ekg  p r interval abnormal, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase abnormal intraventricular conduction by ecg finding, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase abnormal precordial tall r waves on ekg, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase monitor ekg tracings for changes related to abnormal potassium, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase calcium, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase and magnesium levels, then the category is ekg abnormal.
If you hear the phrase electricity, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical  qualifier value, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electric conductivity, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electric countershock, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase shock from electric current, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase electric stimulation technique, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electric wiring, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical resistance, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electric impedance, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical outlet, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical extension cords, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase multioutlet, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical activity of brain, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electric capacitance, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical engineer  general, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical draftsman, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical wireman, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical mechanic, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical battery, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electric cable, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical worker, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical threshold, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical ablation, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical frequency, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical pattern, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical mechanism, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase urinometer, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase clamp, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical tracing, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase general unspecified, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase direct current cardioversion, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase maintenance electrician, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical measurement, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electric potential  physical force, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical property, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical titration, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical fitter, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical neurotransmission, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical chromatography, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical or magnetic, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical alternation of heart, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical synapses, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase absence of signs and symptoms of electrical injury, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase kind of quantity   electrical resistance, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical injuries, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical current, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase charge  electrical, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical wire device component, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical exposure, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrical lead device component, then the category is electrical.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase holter electrocardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase vectorcardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram caliper, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrodes, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase cardiac, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiographic monitors, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase workstations, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography monitors, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase veterinary electrocardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase stress electrocardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram lead  device, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase cables leads, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase radiolucent, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase telemetric, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiographic recording paper, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase arrhythmia simulator, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiographic simulator, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase signal averaged electrocardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiographs, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase tape, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase ambulatory continuous electrocardiography  ecg, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase other electrocardiography  ecg, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase physiologic monitor modules, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase information systems, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase data management, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase cardiology, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase removal of electrocardiography loop recorder, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase data processors, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase tape recording, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electronic recording, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase loop recording, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase external, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase software, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase physiologic monitoring, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase physiologic recording, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography monitor screens, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase patch electrodes, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase with ecg, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography monitor testers, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase testers, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography monitor recorder, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase transcutaneous, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase transesophageal, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography telemetric monitoring system, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase absence of p wave on electrocardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase noninvasive abdominal fetal electrocardiography, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography via fetal scalp electrodes, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography vital signs, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase suction bulb, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiography electrode suction bulbs, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase neonatal electrocardiographic electrode, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase fetal scalp electrode, then the category is electrocardiography.
If you hear the phrase continuous, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase end tidal co2 abnormal, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase end tidal co2 increased, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase end tidal co2 decreased, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase end tidal co2 normal, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase end tidal co2, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase monitor end tidal co2 level, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase note changes in sao2, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase svo2, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase and abg values, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase monitor the effects of position change on oxygenation  abg, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase sao2, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase qsp qt, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase a ado2 levels, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase monitor effects of ventilator changes on oxygenation  abg, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase a ado2, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase patient s subjective response, then the category is end tidal co2.
If you hear the phrase erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase no erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase acrodynia, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase chilblains, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase diaper rash, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema chronicum migrans, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema induratum, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema multiforme, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema nodosum, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase palmar erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase glossitis, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase benign migratory, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase intertrigo, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase sunburn, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema infectiosum, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema marginatum, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase toxic erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema due to first degree burn of breast, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase annular erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase rash erythematous, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema exudativum, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema of adenoids, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema of ankle, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase bladder erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase red breast, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase cervical erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema on chest, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase conjunctival erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema ear, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase epiglottic erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase acral erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase eyelid erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase facial erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema of finger, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase flank erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase follicular erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema of foot, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase genital erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase gingival erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase groin erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase erythema of hand, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase joint erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase laryngeal erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase lip erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase macular erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase maculopapular erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase nasolabial erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase red nipple, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase palatal erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase penile erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase plantar erythema, then the category is erythema.
If you hear the phrase injury due to exposure to external cause, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase accident due to exposure to weather conditions, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure domain, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure history, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exhaustion due to exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to asbestos, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase environmental exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase encounter due to exposure to noise, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to radiation, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase maternal fetal exchange, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase occupational exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase smoking, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase passive, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase exposure to toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase prenatal fetal exposure to des, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to tuberculosis, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure of tooth, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase application site, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase sexual exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase acetone exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase history of exposure to alkalis, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to allergen, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to ammonia, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase aniline exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase animal exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase contact exposure to arsenic  history, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase arsine exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to benzene, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase beryllium exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase bird exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase cadmium exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase cat exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase cattle exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase chicken exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to chlorine, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase cotton exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase cyanide exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase ddt exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase decaborane exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase diborane exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase dog exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase exposure to dust, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase fish exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase flour exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase fluorine exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase formaldehyde exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase gasoline exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase goat exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase grass exposure, then the category is exposure.
If you hear the phrase extrication, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase extrication devices, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase prybars, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase saws, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase rapid extrication, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase extrication procedure, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase air chisels, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase come alongs, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase extrication splint device, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase extrication collar immobilizers, then the category is extrication collar.
If you hear the phrase pediatric, then the category is extrication collar.
If you hear the phrase immobilization using extrication splint, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase short spinal immobilization device, then the category is spinal immobilization.
If you hear the phrase immobilization using short extrication splint, then the category is extrication.
If you hear the phrase emergency immobilizers, then the category is extrication collar.
If you hear the phrase head cervical, then the category is extrication collar.
If you hear the phrase extrication collar, then the category is extrication collar.
If you hear the phrase feel sensation of foreign body in pharynx, then the category is feel sensation.
If you hear the phrase flushing, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase flushing adverse event, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase pallor and flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase rosaceal flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing cannula, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase hot flushes, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing aggravated, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase gross flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase generalized flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushed chest, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase postmenopausal flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase failure to flush medical device problem, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase factors precipitating skin flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing earwax, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing attacks, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase tubal flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase catheter flush valve, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing of gluteal pouch, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing of peritoneal drain, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing of central line, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase nasogastric tube irrigation, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing gastrostomy tube, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase difficulty flushing toilet, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase alcohol induced flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing of hickman line, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing solution pbsuc 50, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase alcohol flush reaction, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase manual removal of impacted feces from rectum, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase normal saline flush, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing of port a cath, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase drug induced flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase nitrite induced flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase flushing of ears and somnolence, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase chlorpropamide alcohol flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden redness of skin lasting several hours, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden redness of skin lasting several minutes, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden skin redness precipitated by stressful situations, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden skin redness precipitated by alcohol, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden skin redness precipitated by food, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden skin redness precipitated by minimal exertion, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden redness of skin several times a day, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden redness of skin several times a month, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase sudden redness of skin several times a week, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase dizziness preceded by flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase fainting preceded by flushing, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase laryngeal prosthesis flushing device, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase provox  8109, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase management of flushing of feeding tube, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase ostomy flushing syringe, then the category is flushing.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of trunk, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of axilla, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of wrist, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of hand, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of thumb, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of single finger, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of ear, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of chin, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of nose, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of scalp, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of forehead, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of cheek, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of neck, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of breast, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn of buttock, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn of genitalia, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of upper limb, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of shoulder, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of elbow, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of forearm, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of lower limb, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of thigh, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of knee, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of ankle, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of foot, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn of the eye, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase burn to eyelid   full thickness, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase burn to cornea   full thickness, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of head, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase deep full thickness burn, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness chemical burn, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn of perineum, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of wrist and hand, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn of lip s, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of chest wall, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of abdominal wall, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of scapula region, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of upper arm, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of back of hand, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of palm, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn of a single finger, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of lower leg, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase third degree burn of toe, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn involving joint, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn involving bone, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn involving muscle, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of third degree of head and neck, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of third degree of ankle and foot, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase full thickness burn of genitalia  external, then the category is full thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase furosemide, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide glucuronide, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide poisoning, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide mass pt dose qn, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase frusemide test, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide measurement, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide allergy, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide overdose, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase butoxymethylene furosemide, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide powder, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide monohydrochloride, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide oral tablet, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide   spironolactone, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide   potassium, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide   triamterene, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase sk furosemide, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase amiloride   furosemide, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide   penbutolol, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide pill, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide injection, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide single use injection, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 80 mg oral tablet, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 20 mg oral tablet, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 40 mg oral tablet, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 20 mg oral tablet 0 5 dose, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide albumin complex, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide acyl glucuronide, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide injectable solution, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide in oral dosage form, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide mcnc pt ser plas qn, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide prthr pt urine ord, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide mcnc pt urine qn, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide mrat 24h urine qn, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide adverse reaction, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase accidental furosemide poisoning, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase intentional furosemide poisoning, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide poisoning of undetermined intent, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase accidental furosemide overdose, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase intentional furosemide overdose, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide overdose of undetermined intent, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 10 mg ml oral solution, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 8 mg ml oral solution, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 50 mg ml injectable solution, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide monosodium salt, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 20 mg, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 40 mg, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 8 mg ml, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 10 mg ml, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 80 mg, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase furosemide 500 mg, then the category is furosemide.
If you hear the phrase gagging, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase reflex, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase gag, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase absent, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase monitor cough and gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase o e   gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase pharyngeal gag reflex positive, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase decreased, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase pharyngeal gag reflex finding, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase hyperactive pharyngeal gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase intact gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase impaired gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase cranial nerves glossopharyngeal absent gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase diminished gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase rnox assess gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase depressed gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase o e pharyngeal gag  reflex  ve, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase monitor for alertness and presence of gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase cranial nerves diminished gag reflex bilateral, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase cranial nerves diminished gag reflex left only, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase cranial nerves diminished gag reflex right only, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase monitor level of consciousness, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase gag reflex, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase and swallowing ability, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase ensure that the patient s gag reflex has returned prior to offering oral medications, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase or fluids, then the category is gag reflex.
If you hear the phrase walking speed, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase gait speed decreased, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase gait speed increased, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase gait   speed brisk, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase gait   speed slow, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase finding of gait speed, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase 4 meter walk gait speed test, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase 4 meter walk gait speed test   computed score, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase 4 meter walk gait speed test   pt  patient   nih toolbox, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase 4 meter walk gait speed test   computed score vel pt  patient qn nih toolbox, then the category is gait speed.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma scale, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gclc gene, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase ugcg gene, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gclc protein, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gclc wt allele, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase ceramide glucosyltransferase, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase ugcg wt allele, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score eye opening fcn pt  patient ord, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score motor fcn pt  patient ord, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score total fcn pt  patient qn, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score verbal fcn pt  patient ord, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gbc590, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gamma glutamylcysteine synthetase inhibitor, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs 100, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  gcs accurate, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score eye opening fcn enctr frst  patient ord, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score motor fcn enctr frst  patient ord, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score verbal fcn enctr frst  patient ord, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score eye opening subscore, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score motor response subscore, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score verbal response subscore, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score finding, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gucy1b2 gene, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gucy1a2 protein, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gucy1a3 protein, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gucy1b2 protein, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gucy1b3 protein, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gclm protein, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma score special circumstances type point in time  patient nominal, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase glasgow coma scale ninds version clinical classification, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase globin coupled oxygen sensor protein, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase bacillus halodurans, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase cdisc clinical classification gcs ninds version test code terminology, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase cdisc clinical classification gcs ninds version test name terminology, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  hypothermia, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  paralytic, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  sedation, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  unknown, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   motor response, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   total score, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   verbal response, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   best eye response, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  alcohol or drug of abuse, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  c spine injury, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version   confounder  hypoxia or hypotension, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase gcs ninds version clinical classification question, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase initial gcs has legitimate values without interventions such as intubation and sedation, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase assessment of consciousness level using adelaide pediatric modified glasgow coma scale, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase patient s head injury occurred greater than 24 hours before presentation to the emergency department, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase or has a gcs score less than 15 or does not have a gcs score documented, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase or had a head ct for trauma ordered by someone other than an emergency care provider, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase or was ordered for a reason other than trauma, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase pediatric patient s head injury occurred greater than 24 hours before presentation to the emergency department, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase patient presented within 24 hours of a minor blunt head trauma with a gcs score of 15 and had a head ct ordered for trauma by an emergency care provider, then the category is gcs.
If you hear the phrase immobilization of head using splint, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase immobilization of head using cast, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase immobilization of head using brace, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase immobilization of head using other device, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase placement   anatomical regions   immobilization   head, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase cervical spine immobilization head ring, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase placement   anatomical regions   immobilization   head   external, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase placement   anatomical regions   immobilization   head   external   splint, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase placement   anatomical regions   immobilization   head   external   cast, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase placement   anatomical regions   immobilization   head   external   brace, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase cervical spine immobilization head ring surgical adaptor, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase cervical spine immobilization head ring pin, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase placement   anatomical regions   immobilization   head   external   other device, then the category is head immobilization.
If you hear the phrase craniocerebral trauma, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase closed head injuries, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase head and neck injury, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase head injury rehabilitation, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase head injury, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase superficial, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase head injuries, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase multiple superficial injuries of head, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase other specified injuries of head, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase other and unspecified injuries of head, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase sequelae of injuries of head, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase open, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase control of closed head injuries, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase minor, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase head injury trauma, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase blunt, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase missile injuries, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase penetrating, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase head, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase head  wounds and injuries, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple injuries of head and chest, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase superficial injury of head and neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase crushing injuries involving head with neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase sequelae of other specified injuries of head, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase monitor neurological status for possible head or spinal injuries, then the category is head injuries.
If you hear the phrase heart beat number   count time point in time to be specified in another part of the message quantitative, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram rhythm strip 3 lead heart rate  bpm, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase examination of heart rate, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase no heart rate, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate method type point in time heart rate measure nominal, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase orthostatic heart rate ratdiff pt arterial system qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase fetal, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase fetal heart rate monitors, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate monitors, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase ecg, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase cardiotachometry, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase alteration in heart rate  finding, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate and rhythm disorders, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase irregular heart beat, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase excessively rapid heart rate, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase excessively slow heart rate, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase learned heart rate control, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase apgar heart rate score, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase baseline fetal heart rate, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase fetal heart rate variance from normal baseline, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase fetal heart deceleration, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase fetal heart acceleration, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase target heart rate achieved, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase class type pt heart rate device nom, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart beat rhythm type point in time to be specified in another part of the message nominal, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate measure duration time life of the unit heart study quantitative, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate measurement site anatomy point in time  patient nominal, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat pt capillary bed qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat pt peripheral artery qn us doppler, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat pt peripheral artery qn palpation, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 10h xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 10h max xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 10h min xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 12h xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 12h max xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 12h min xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 1h xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 1h max xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 1h min xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 24h xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 24h max xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 24h min xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 8h xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 8h max xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate nrat 8h min xxx qn, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate rhythm, then the category is heart rate.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase drug administration via hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis machine, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis solutions, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase home, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase kidneys, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase cannulae, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis catheter, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase chairs, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase dialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase initial hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase stabilizing hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis education, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis counseling, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodiafiltration, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis fluid, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase complication of hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase intermittent hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase continuous hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase adequacy of hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis circuit, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase type of hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis diet, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis nurse, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis concentrate, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis needle, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hypotension of hemodialysis, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis associated pseudoporphyria, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase status  hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis unit, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase diffusion, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase chronic haemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis access, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase associated with hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis access type, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase duration of hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis prescription, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase currently on hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase dependence on hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis technique, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis finding, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis observable, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis frequency every     days, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis clearance, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase inadequate hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase in center hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase managing haemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase emergency hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase maintenance hemodialysis, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase hemodialysis membrane, then the category is hemodialysis.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic dermographism, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase zyrtec hives, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase injection site urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase skin hive lesion, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase catheter site urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase urticaria adverse reaction, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase claritin hives relief, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase infusion site urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase hives due to contrast material, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase allergic reaction to penicillins causing hives, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase hives due to sulfa drugs, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase hives due anesthetic agents, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase hives due to narcotic agents, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase loratadine hives relief, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase cetirizine hydrochloride hives relief, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase non pruritic urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase nature of allergic reaction   hives, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase past seven days hives, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase cetirizine hydrochloride 1 mg ml oral solution  zyrtec, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase loratadine 10 mg oral tablet  claritin, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 urticaria, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase apis mellifera 3  hp x    urtica urens 3  hp x    sodium chloride 6  hp x    arsenic trioxide 6  hp x  oral tablet, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase soluble  hives, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase cetirizine hydrochloride 1 mg ml oral solution, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase cetirizine hydrochloride 10 mg oral tablet, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase cetirizine hydrochloride 5 mg oral tablet, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase loratadine 1 mg ml oral solution, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase localized hives with erythema, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase edema, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase and pruritus after repetitive vibratory or stretching stimulation, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase fexofenadine hydrochloride 6 mg ml oral suspension, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase monitor for early signs of allergic reactions  wheezing, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase hoarseness, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase chest tightness, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase itching, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase hives and wheals, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase gi upset, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase and restlessness, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase echinacea angustifolia 3  hp x  in 1 ml   apis mellifera 12  hp x  in 1 ml   arsenic trioxide 12  hp x  in 1 ml   phenol 12  hp x  in 1 ml   ledum palustre twig 12  hp x  in 1 ml   toxicodendron pubescens leaf 12  hp x  in 1 ml   sulfur 12  hp x  in 1 ml   urtica urens 12  hp x  in 1 ml oral liquid  hives, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase antimony trisulfide 15  hp x  in 1 ml   apis mellifera 15  hp x  in 1 ml   arsenic trioxide 15  hp x  in 1 ml   berberis vulgaris root bark 15  hp x  in 1 ml   giant puffball 15  hp x  in 1 ml   bryonia alba root 15  hp x  in 1 ml   lytta vesicatoria 15  hp x  in 1 ml   chelidonium majus 15  hp x  in 1 ml   croton tiglium seed 15  hp x  in 1 ml   solanum dulcamara top 15  hp x  in 1 ml   graphite 15  hp x  in 1 ml   histamine dihydrochloride 15  hp x  in 1 ml   lycopodium clavatum spore 15  hp x  in 1 ml   daphne mezereum bark 15  hp x  in 1 ml   strychnos nux vomica seed 15  hp x  in 1 ml   kerosene 15  hp x  in 1 ml   pulex irritans 15  hp x  in 1 ml   pulsatilla vulgaris 15  hp x  in 1 ml   toxicodendron pubescens leaf 15  hp x  in 1 ml   smilax regelii root 15  hp x  in 1 ml   sulfur 15  hp x  in 1 ml   echinacea, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase unspecified 3  hp x  in 1 ml   rumex crispus root 3  hp x  in 1 ml   taraxacum officinale 3  hp x  in 1 ml   urtica urens 3  hp x  in 1 ml oral liquid  hives   rashes, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase antimony trisulfide 15  hp x  in 1 g   apis mellifera 15  hp x  in 1 g   arsenic trioxide 15  hp x  in 1 g   berberis vulgaris root bark 15  hp x  in 1 g   giant puffball 15  hp x  in 1 g   bryonia alba root 15  hp x  in 1 g   lytta vesicatoria 15  hp x  in 1 g   chelidonium majus 15  hp x  in 1 g   croton tiglium seed 15  hp x  in 1 g   solanum dulcamara top 15  hp x  in 1 g   graphite 15  hp x  in 1 g   histamine dihydrochloride 15  hp x  in 1 g   lycopodium clavatum spore 15  hp x  in 1 g   daphne mezereum bark 15  hp x  in 1 g   strychnos nux vomica seed 15  hp x  in 1 g   kerosene 15  hp x  in 1 g   pulex irritans 15  hp x  in 1 g   pulsatilla vulgaris 15  hp x  in 1 g   toxicodendron pubescens leaf 15  hp x  in 1 g   smilax regelii root 15  hp x  in 1 g   sulfur 15  hp x  in 1 g   echinacea, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase unspecified 3  hp x  in 1 g   rumex crispus root 3  hp x  in 1 g   taraxacum officinale 3  hp x  in 1 g   urtica urens 3  hp x  in 1 g oral pellet  hives   rashes, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase anacardium occidentale fruit 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    apis mellifera venom 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    arsenic acid 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    astacus astacus 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    oyster shell calcium carbonate, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase crude 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    calcium sulfate anhydrous 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    carbon disulfide 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    causticum 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    chloral hydrate 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    copaifera officinalis resin 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    cortisone acetate 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    solanum dulcamara top 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    calcium sulfide 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    ledum palustre twig 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    sodium chloride 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    toxicodendron pubescens leaf 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    sulfur 30  hp c  in 30  hp c    urtica urens 30  hp c  in 30  hp c  oral spray  rashes and hives, then the category is hives.
If you hear the phrase hot skin, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase hot water burn of skin, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase hot oil burn of skin, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase hot tar burn of skin, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase hot drink burn of skin, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase hot skin lesions, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase o e   skin over lesion hot, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase benzalkonium chloride  001 g in 1 g topical liquid  pro tect hot spot skin medication, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase benzalkonium chloride 0 13 g in 118 ml topical gel  sentry hot spot skin remedy, then the category is hot skin.
If you hear the phrase human bite, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite specimen code, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase reported bite by human  history, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase bite of human flea, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase assault by human bite, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite   wound, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase deep wound due to human bite, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase animal human bite, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of head and neck, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of head, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of scalp, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of face, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of forehead, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of eye region, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of ear region, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of nose, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of cheek, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of mouth, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of neck, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of throat, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of upper limb, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of shoulder, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of axilla, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of upper arm, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of elbow, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of forearm, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of wrist, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of hand, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of dorsum of hand, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of palm of hand, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of finger, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of thumb, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of trunk, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of back, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of chest, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of breast, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of abdomen, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of pelvic region, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of perineum, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of genitalia, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of groin, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of lower limb, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of buttock, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of hip, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of thigh, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of knee, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of lower leg, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of shin, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of calf, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase human bite of ankle, then the category is human bite.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase acute hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase chronic hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemic mineralocorticoid resistance, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase electrolyte management  hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase diminished renal excretion, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase transcellular shifts, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase drug induced hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase transitory neonatal hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase monitor for rebound hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase ekg change hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase pseudohypoaldosteronism, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase type ii, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase serum hyperkalemia adverse event, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia during attacks, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia due to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia hemolysis in vitro, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperpotassemia and hypertension, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase familial, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia in last 7d, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia  6 4     0 7 mm, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia  5 8     0 8 mm, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia  7 5     0 9 mm, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase drugs for treatment of hyperkalemia and hyperphosphatemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia with normal acid base balance, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 serum hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 serum hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 serum hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 serum hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 serum hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia in last 7d find 7d  patient ord mdsv3, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase instruct the patient and or family on measures instituted to treat the hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase monitor for hyperkalemia associated with a blood reaction, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia   6 2 mm in both dominant and recessive, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase in vitro hyperkalemia  pseudohyperkalemia  due to rupture of erythrocyte membranes, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase monitor cardiac manifestations of hyperkalemia  e g, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase heart blocks, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase peaked t waves, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase fibrillation, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase or asystole, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase monitor for electrolyte imbalances associated with metabolic acidosis  e g, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyponatremia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperkalemia or hypokalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hypocalcemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hypophosphatemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase and hypomagnesemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase monitor for rapid correction or overcorrection of hypophosphatemia  e g, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyperphosphatemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hypernatremia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase and tetany, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase monitor neurological manifestations of hyperkalemia  e g, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase muscle weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase reduced sensation, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hyporeflexia, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase and paresthesias, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase observe for hemolysis as indicated by blood in the urine, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hemolyzed blood specimens, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase increase in daily serum hemoglobin, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase frank bleeding, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase and hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase observe for signs of late complications  e g, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase consumption coagulopathy, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase renal failure, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase neurological sequelae, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase muscle necrosis, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase and reoccurrence of symptoms after treatment of initial episode, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs and symptoms of hco3 deficit and metabolic acidosis  kussmaul respirations, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase disorientation, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase headache, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase coma, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase urinary ph level of  6, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase plasma hco3 level of  22 meq l, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase plasma ph level of  7 35, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase base excess of   8804 2 meq l, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase associated hyperkalemia, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase and possible co2 deficit, then the category is hyperkalemia.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs symptoms of hyperkalemia  irritability, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase restlessness, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase nausea, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase flaccid paralysis, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase circumoral numbness and tingling, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia progressing to bradycardia, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia fibrillation, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase tall peaked t waves, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase flattened p wave, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase broad slurred qrs complex, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase and heart block progressing to asystole, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase fever, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia treatment, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase induced hyperthermia, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase local, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase malignant hyperpyrexia due to anesthesia, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase therapeutic heat application, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia blankets, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase ultrasound therapy systems, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase intermittent fever, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia in newborn, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase endocrine hyperthermia, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia sudden, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia nec, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia find pt  patient ord observed ccc, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase microspheres, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase embolization, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia  history, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase susceptible to hyperthermia, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia induction, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase radiation hyperthermia treatment, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic hyperthermia, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of brain, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of thymus, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of spleen, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of eye, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of ear, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of nose, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of hypopharynx, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of mouth, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of tongue, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of sinuses, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of larynx, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of nasopharynx, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of oropharynx, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of trachea, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of bronchus, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of lung, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of pleura, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of mediastinum, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of diaphragm, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of esophagus, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of stomach, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of duodenum, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of jejunum, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of ileum, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of colon, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of rectum, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of liver, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of gallbladder, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of pancreas, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hyperthermia of thyroid, then the category is hyperthermia.
If you hear the phrase hypoperfusion, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase cerebral hypoperfusion, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase hypoperfusion in newborn, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase renal hypoperfusion, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary hypoperfusion, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase iris hypoperfusion, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase myocardial necrosis syndrome, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary hypoperfusion syndrome, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase ct hypotension complex, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress syndrome of newborn with pulmonary hypoperfusion, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase iris hypoperfusion resulting from degenerated stromal vessels, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase hypoperfusion of left pulmonary artery due to preferential flow to right pulmonary artery, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase hypoperfusion of right pulmonary artery due to preferential flow to left pulmonary artery, then the category is hypoperfusion.
If you hear the phrase hypotension adverse event, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase controlled, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase orthostatic, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase ocular hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase chronic hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase extremity hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase drug induced hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase other hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase idiopathic hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase iatrogenic hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia with hypotension, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase neonatal hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase low intracranial pressure, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase intracranial hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension and shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase hypotension asymptomatic, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase acute hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension persistent, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension aggravated, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension paroxysm, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase postoperative hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension on induction, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase intraoperative hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension during dialysis, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase procedural hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic  hypotension, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase syndrome  hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase exertional hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension postprocedural, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase post exercise hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase maternal hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase history of hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase hypotension in pregnancy, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase refractory hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase transient hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase tissue perfusion alteration caused by hypotension or renal hypotension, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase septic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase shy drager syndrome, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase blind hypotensive eye, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase maternal hypotension syndrome, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase antepartum, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase postpartum, then the category is hypotension.
If you hear the phrase induction and maintenance, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase natural, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia due to exposure, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia adverse event, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase gastric hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase induced, then the category is induced hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia treatment, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase caps, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase cooling units, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase patient, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia of newborn, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase accidental, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase immersion hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase at risk hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase deep hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase mild hypothermia, then the category is induced hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase moderate hypothermia, then the category is induced hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase profound hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase o e   hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia caused by anesthetic, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase anesthetic hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia central, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia local, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia neonatal, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia find pt  patient ord observed ccc, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase induced hypothermia  finding, then the category is induced hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase intermittent hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase single, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase blankets, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase environmental hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia  central   local, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase other hypothermia of newborn, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase regional, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia sweating syndrome, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase thrombocytopenia due to hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia due to cold environment, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase malignant hypothermia due to anesthesia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase accidental hypothermia in elderly person, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase newborn environmental hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase testicular hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase apply a hypothermia blanket, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase place patient on hypothermia blanket, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase alteration in body temperature  hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase system, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase intravenous, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase cooling, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermia risk assessment, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase low environmental temperature  hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase neonatal  hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase environmental  mild, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase mild, then the category is mild distress.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 hypothermia, then the category is hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermic coma, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase circulatory arrest, then the category is induced hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase deep hypothermia induced, then the category is induced hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase hypothermic treatment full body each 1 minute, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase retrograde cerebral perfusion during hypothermic arrest, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase avoid giving im or subcutaneous medications during the hypothermic state, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase hypothermic treatment body part or region each 1 minute, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase anesthesia for cardiac procedures with pump oxygenator with hypothermic circulatory arrest, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase anesthesia for procedure on heart with pump oxygenator and hypothermic circulatory arrest, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase anesthesia for procedure on great vessels of chest with pump oxygenator and hypothermic circulatory arrest, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase anesthesia for procedures on heart, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase pericardial sac, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase and great vessels of chest  with pump oxygenator with hypothermic circulatory arrest, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase determine factors leading to the hypothermic episode by questioning about recent activities, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase such as heavy activity in cold wet weather, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase elderly living alone in a cool environment, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase and poor nutritional state, then the category is hypothermic.
If you hear the phrase hypovolemic, then the category is hypovolemic.
If you hear the phrase hypovolemic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase hypernatremia hypovolemic, then the category is hypovolemic.
If you hear the phrase hyponatremia hypovolemic, then the category is hypovolemic.
If you hear the phrase postoperative hypovolemic shock, then the category is hypovolemic shock.
If you hear the phrase hyponatremia hyposmotic hypovolemic, then the category is hypovolemic.
If you hear the phrase shock  hypovolemic, then the category is hypovolemic shock.
If you hear the phrase hypovolaemic shock conditions  smq, then the category is hypovolemic shock.
If you hear the phrase postprocedural hypovolemic shock, then the category is hypovolemic shock.
If you hear the phrase c surgical procedure  shock  endotoxic   hypovolemic   septic, then the category is hypovolemic shock.
If you hear the phrase anoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia adverse event, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase cell hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase fetal hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase intrapartum fetal hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase intrauterine hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase perinatal hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase respiratory hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase vascular hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase chorionic hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia chronic, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia refractory, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase circulatory hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase embryo hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase renal hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase liver hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase myocardial hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase anaemic hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase response to hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia pathway, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase brain hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase corneal hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase detection of hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase altitude hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase tissue hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase significant hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase muscle hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase tumor hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia intolerance, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia response curve measurement, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase asphyxia neonatorum, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase myocardial ischemia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase cerebral hypoxia ischemia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia inducible factor 1, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase intrauterine hypoxia and or birth asphyxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase erythrocytosis due to low atmospheric pressure, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase dialysis associated hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase hypoxia associated cirrhosis, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase birth trauma, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase asphyxia and hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase perinatal hypoxia and asphyxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase antepartum fetal hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase liveborn with prelabor hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase liveborn with labor hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase note presence of hypoxia in infant, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase endothelial pas domain containing protein 1, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase maternal care for fetal hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase liver ischemia hypoxia, then the category is hypoxia.
If you hear the phrase immobilization, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize the extremity, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilization by splinting, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize affected extremity, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize patient s body part, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize the affected body part, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize the head, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase neck, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase and back, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize a frightened child or confused adult, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize fractures, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase large wounds, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase and any injured part, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize or support any body part, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase immobilize or support the affected body part, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase position patient to facilitate comfort  e g, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase using principles of body alignment, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase support with pillows, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase support joints during movement, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase splint over incisions, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase and immobilize painful body part, then the category is immobilize.
If you hear the phrase improving  qualifier value, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase angina control   improving, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of support, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase factors improving ankle pain, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase financial status marginal but improving, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase financial status inadequate but improving, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase general health is improving, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase currently in school   grades improving, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase severe neonatal hypotonia improving with age, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of support by education, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of hygiene support, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of nutrition support, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase absence of interest in improving health behaviors, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of support for maintaining medical regimen, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of support for utilizing community resources, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of support for utilizing resources, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase caregiver improving level of support for utilizing retirement resources, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term adl goals  finger feeding, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term adl goals  improving five finger dexterity, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term adl goals  finger feeding, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term adl goals  improving five finger dexterity, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase my general health is improving in the past 7d, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase problem focused interval history and physical with straightforward or low complexity medical decision, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase subsequent inpatient visit, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase follow up inpatient consultation with problem focused interval history and physical with low complexity or straightforward medical decision, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase established inpatient, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase subsequent nursing facility visit with problem focused interval history and physical and straightforward or low complexity medical decision, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase new or established patient, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase domiciliary or rest home established patient evaluation with problem focused interval history and physical and straightforward to low complexity medical decision, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase established home patient evaluation with problem focused interval history and physical and straightforward to low complexity medical decision, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase lumbar spine pain and or morning stiffness or night pain of the back, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase improving with motion, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase direct educational initiatives toward improving safety as it relates to adverse medication events, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer from sitting to standing improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer to and from bed improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer to and from car improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer to and from wheelchair improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer to and from chair improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer to and from toilet improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer to and from tub improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer to and from floor improve method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve sit to stand transfer, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve transfer to and from bed by improving method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve transfer to and from car by improving method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve transfer to and from chair by improving method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve transfer to and from floor by improving method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve transfer to and from toilet by improving method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve transfer to and from tub by improving method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase long term physical therapy goals improve transfer to and from wheelchair by improving method, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase my general health is improving in the past 7d find 7d  patient ord facit, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase iodine 20 mg ml topical solution, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer from sitting to standing improve method to stand pivot, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer from sitting to standing improve method to squat pivot, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase short term physical therapy goals transfer from sitting to standing improve method to pop over, then the category is improving.
If you hear the phrase monitor temperature closely to prevent treatment induced hypothermia, then the category is induced hypothermia.
If you hear the phrase inspiration function, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation route of drug administration, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation dosing unit, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation drug administration, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase anesthesia, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase respiratory aspiration of gastric contents, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation devices, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase meconium aspiration syndrome, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase aspiration pneumonia, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase smoke inhalation injury, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase inhalation of drugs, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalational anthrax, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase aspiration of food, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase anesthetics, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase provocholine for inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase baritosis, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase neonatal aspiration of amniotic fluid, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation preparations, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalational sedation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase steam inhalations, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation exposure, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase chemical inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase gas for inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalant powder, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation spacers, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase neonatal aspiration, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalant solution, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase pressurised inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation vapor, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase emulsion for inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase suspension for inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase toxic effect of inhalation gas, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation  corrosion, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase mucus  inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase oil  inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation  fumes, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation  flame, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase pneumonia  bronchopneumonia, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase steam  inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase vapors  inhalation, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation rib dysfunction, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase inhalation toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase nasal, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase nebulization, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase tracheostomy inhalation route of drug administration, then the category is inhalation.
If you hear the phrase toxic inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase inhalation burn due to hot gas, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase inhalation injury due to particulate matter, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase inhalation injury due to chemical, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase observation for suspected inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase assess for signs and symptoms of inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase patient will remain free of inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase respiration alteration caused by inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase follow protocol for care of the patient with inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase implement patient education plan for inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase war injury from inhalation of radioactive fallout, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase make patient aware of situations that can contribute to accidental inhalation injury, then the category is inhalation injury.
If you hear the phrase internal hemorrhage, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase bleeding internal hemorrhoids, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase internal bleeding find pt  patient ord mds, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase rigid proctosigmoidoscopy  bleeding internal hemorrhoids, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase fiberoptic sigmoidoscopy  bleeding internal hemorrhoids, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase string, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase gastrointestinal, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase bleeding hemorrhoids, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase surgical arrest of bleeding from internal nose, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase complete fiberoptic colonoscopy  internal bleeding hemorrhoids, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase subtotal perineal prostatectomy  procedure, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase prostatectomy  including control of postoperative bleeding, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase vasectomy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase meatotomy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase urethral calibration and or dilation, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and internal urethrotomy   retropubic, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase subtotal, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase document maternal response to application of internal monitors, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase including degree of discomfort or pain, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase appearance of amniotic fluid, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and presence of bleeding, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and internal urethrotomy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase subtotal prostatectomy by retropubic approach with vasectomy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase urethral dilation, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase internal urethrotomy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and control of postoperative bleeding, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase urethral calibration, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase urethral calibration and dilation, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase subtotal prostatectomy by perineal approach with vasectomy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase transurethral electrosurgical resection of prostate, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase including control of postoperative bleeding, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase complete  vasectomy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase cystourethroscopy, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and internal urethrotomy are included, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase laser coagulation of prostate, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and internal urethrotomy are included if performed, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and internal urethrotomy   suprapubic, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase one or two stages, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase transurethral resection  residual or regrowth of obstructive prostate tissue including control of postoperative bleeding, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase laser vaporization of prostate, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase internal urethrotomy and transurethral resection of prostate are included if performed, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase laser enucleation of the prostate with morcellation, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase transurethral waterjet ablation of prostate, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase including control of post operative bleeding, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase including ultrasound guidance, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase and internal urethrotomy are included when performed, then the category is internal bleeding.
If you hear the phrase not intubated, then the category is intubated.
If you hear the phrase intubated ureterotomy, then the category is intubated.
If you hear the phrase intubated on arrival, then the category is intubated.
If you hear the phrase patient intubated, then the category is intubated.
If you hear the phrase asthma never intubated, then the category is intubated.
If you hear the phrase intubated or other physical barrier, then the category is intubated.
If you hear the phrase explain, then the category is intubated.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 021 mg actuat nasal spray, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 042 mg actuat nasal spray, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide powder, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium 0 04 mg actuat inhalant solution, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase endo isomer, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase albuterol ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase albuterol sulfate   ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide nasal, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide novaplus, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide hydrous, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 20micrograms inhaler, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase micronized powder, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide monohydrate, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide anhydrous, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase fenoterol and ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 021 mg actuat metered dose nasal spray, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 04 mg actuat inhalant powder, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase endo, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase anti  isomer, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase exo, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase syn  isomer, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 2 mg ml inhalant solution, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 167 mg ml, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase negative reversibility test to ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase positive reversibility test to ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase 200 actuat ipratropium bromide 0 017 mg actuat metered dose inhaler, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase 200 actuat ipratropium bromide 0 018 mg actuat metered dose inhaler, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 042 mg actuat metered dose nasal spray, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 042 mg actuat, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 018 mg actuat, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 021 mg actuat, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 017 mg actuat, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 04 mg actuat, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 2 mg ml, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 25 mg ml, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 03  inhalation solution, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 01  inhalation solution, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 02 mg actuat, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 166 mg ml, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 25 mg ml inhalant solution, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase albuterol 2 5 mg actuat   ipratropium 0 5 mg actuat inhalant solution, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase fenoterol 0 1 mg actuat   ipratropium 0 04 mg actuat inhalant solution, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase 200 actuat albuterol 0 09 mg actuat   ipratropium bromide 0 018 mg actuat metered dose inhaler, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase negative reversibility test to combination of salbutamol and ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase positive reversibility test to a combination of salbutamol and ipratropium bromide, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 021 mg actuat metered dose nasal spray  atrovent, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 042 mg actuat  atrovent, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 017 mg actuat  atrovent, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 021 mg actuat  atrovent, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase ipratropium bromide 0 02 mg actuation nasal spray, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase albuterol 0 1 mg actuat   ipratropium bromide 0 02 mg actuat metered dose inhaler, then the category is ipratropium bromide.
If you hear the phrase pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase have itch, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase usual severity itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase how much distress itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase how often itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase no itch, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching of eye, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus ani, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus of genital organs, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus vulvae, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase sarcoptes scabiei, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus of vagina, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase labial itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus of scalp, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus of penis, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching purpura, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase c o  itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase scrotal pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase generalized pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase perineal irritation, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase throat irritation, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase anti itch, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itch relief, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching of ear, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase eyelids pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase nasal pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase hair itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritis of testes, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itch burning, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus of both hands, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase eyeball itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase gingival pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus breast, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching scar, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase oral pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase larynx itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase localized itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase wound itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase tinea cruris, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus adverse event, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching of abdomen, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching of soles, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching of teeth, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching of legs, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase sf mpq 2   itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase referred itching, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching of the arms, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase itching in the axilla, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase aquagenic pruritus, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase pruritus of male genital organs, then the category is itching.
If you hear the phrase ketosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis due to acute alcohol intoxication, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase starvation ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase infantile, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase metabolic ketosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase episodic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetic coma with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase propionic acidemia, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis in type 1 diabetes mellitus, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase succinyl coa 3 oxoacid coa transferase deficiency, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetes with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase type i  juvenile type, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase not stated as uncontrolled, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase unspecified diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis diabetic decompensated, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis diabetic hyperosmolar, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis diabetic multiple episodes, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis diabetic new onset, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetes with ketoacidosis or uncontrolled diabetes, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetic hyperosmolar non ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetic ketoacidosis without coma, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase neonatal or infantile metabolic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase uncontrolled diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase secondary diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetes with ketoacidosis without coma, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase euglycaemic diabetic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase other specified diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase malnutrition related diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase with coma, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase products used to treat diabetic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidotic coma in type 2 diabetes mellitus, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic ketoacidosis with coma, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase uncontrolled type 1 diabetes mellitus with diabetic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase uncontrolled secondary diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetes mellitus chemical induced with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase diabetes mellitus secondary with ketoacidosis with coma, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase discussion about diabetic ketoacidosis in pregnancy, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase ketoacidosis due to secondary diabetes mellitus, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase type ii or unspecified type, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase uncontrolled, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase follow protocol for management of the patient with diabetic ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase type 1 diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase without coma, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase type 2 diabetes mellitus with ketoacidosis, then the category is ketoacidosis.
If you hear the phrase laceration, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase cervical laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of eye, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of perineum, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase scalp laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase rupture of rectum, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase obstetrical laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase current tear of semilunar cartilage, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase brain lacerations, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase superficial laceration of cornea, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase minor laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase moderate laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase major laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase stellate laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of globe of eye, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of eyelid  disorder, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase canalicular laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase arterial laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase venous laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase brain stem laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of thymus, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of heart, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of lung, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of esophagus, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of liver, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of spleen, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of kidney, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase vulval tear, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase hymen tear, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of vagina, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of anus, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase superficial laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of back, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of upper limb, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of hand, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of finger, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of thumb, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of lower limb, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of foot, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of toe, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase deep laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of oral cavity, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of palate, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of tongue, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of oropharynx, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase cerebral laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar laceration, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of gallbladder, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of stomach, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase laceration of duodenum, then the category is laceration.
If you hear the phrase deficient knowledge of pain management, then the category is lack of pain.
If you hear the phrase reduce or eliminate factors that precipitate or increase the pain experience  e g, then the category is lack of pain.
If you hear the phrase fear, then the category is lack of pain.
If you hear the phrase fatigue, then the category is lack of pain.
If you hear the phrase monotony, then the category is lack of pain.
If you hear the phrase and lack of knowledge, then the category is lack of pain.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscopes, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase rigid, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase anesthetic laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase fiberoptic laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope medium, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope small, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope handle, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase intubation laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase position of laryngoscope tip, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase fiberlight anesthetic laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase straight laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase curved laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible tip laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase polio laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible fiberoptic laryngoscope with strobe, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase macintosh laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase seward laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase soper laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase miller laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase wisconsin laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible fiberoptic laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase rigid fiberoptic laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase standard laryngoscope handle, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase short laryngoscope handle, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase pediatric laryngoscope handle, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope handles, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase fiberoptic, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible video laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope blades, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase code cart laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope light emitting cell, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible fiberoptic intubation laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible end laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase rigid intubation laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase reusable, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase laryngoscope blade cover, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase video intubation laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase video intubation laryngoscope kit, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase direct laryngoscopy with injection into vocal cord, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase therapeutic, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase right handed curved laryngoscope blade, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase insertion of endotracheal tube using laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase flexible video intubation laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase video intubation laryngoscope handle monitor, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase rigid non bladed video intubation laryngoscope, then the category is laryngoscope.
If you hear the phrase level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase level of consciousness find pt  patient ord, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase o e   level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase rnox monitor level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase assess level of consciousness  loc, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase depressed level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase felt faint, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase electroencephalography, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase intraoperative, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase level of consciousness   finding, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase somnolence and depressed level of consciousness adverse event, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase o e   decreased level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase decreased level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase assessment of consciousness level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase mmse   level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase decreased level of consciousness caused by hypothermia, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase altered level of consciousness caused by pathophysiology, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase nih stroke scale 1a score for level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase altered level of consciousness in last 7d, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase level of consciousness find pt  patient ord nihss, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase altered level of consciousness   3d  patient   cms assessment, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase concussion with more than 24 hours loss of consciousness and return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase coordinate transfer and positioning with stage of anesthesia or level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase monitor maternal color, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase and pain, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase interview family regarding changes in patient s level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase altered level of consciousness caused by drug ingestion, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase risk of altered level of consciousness caused by pathophysiology, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase risk of accidental injury caused by decreased level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase monitor neurological status  e g, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase level of consciousness and confusion, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 somnolence and depressed level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 somnolence and depressed level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 somnolence and depressed level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 somnolence and depressed level of consciousness, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase post op disch aldrete level of consciousness not responding, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase physiologic monitoring modules, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase neurology, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase entropy, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase level of consciousness   alert  normal  during 3d assessment, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase subarachnoid hemorrhage following injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  and return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase subarachnoid hemorrhage following injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  without return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase subdural hemorrhage following injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  and return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase subdural hemorrhage following injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  and without return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase extradural hemorrhage following injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  and return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase extradural hemorrhage following injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  without return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brain injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  and return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brain injury with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  without return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion without open intracranial wound and with prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  and return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion without open intracranial wound and with prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  without return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  and return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion with open intracranial wound and prolonged loss of consciousness  more than 24 hours  without return to pre existing conscious level, then the category is level of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase unconscious state, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase concussion with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase concussion with less than 1 hour loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase concussion with 1 24 hours loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase concussion with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brief loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase moderate loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase prolonged loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion without open intracranial wound and with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase o e   loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase loss of consciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase intracranial injury with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebral contusion with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase laceration of cerebrum with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase fracture of skull with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase urinary incontinence with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase concussion without loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar hemorrhage with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar hemorrhage with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem hemorrhage with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem hemorrhage with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem contusion with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem contusion with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar laceration with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem laceration with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem laceration with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase laceration of cerebellum with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase loss of consciousness  1 patient, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase transient loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase traumatic brain injury with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase traumatic brain injury with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase gunshot wound of brain with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase head injury with dementia with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase closed fracture of skull with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase open fracture of skull with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase unspecified intracranial injury with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase shrapnel wound of brain with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase traumatic cerebral edema without loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase epidural hemorrhage without loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase head injury nos with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebral laceration and contusion with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase traumatic cerebral hemorrhage with no loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase traumatic cerebral hemorrhage with loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebral laceration and contusion without loss of consciousness, then the category is loss of consciousness.
If you hear the phrase injuries to the abdomen, then the category is lower spine injuries.
If you hear the phrase lower back, then the category is lower spine injuries.
If you hear the phrase lumbar spine and pelvis, then the category is lower spine injuries.
If you hear the phrase lumbar spine, then the category is lower spine injuries.
If you hear the phrase pelvis and external genitals  s30 s39, then the category is lower spine injuries.
If you hear the phrase lung base breath sound rales, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung base breath sound wheeze, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung left breath sound rales, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung lower breath sound rales, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung right breath sound rales, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung base bilateral breath sound rales, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung base bilateral breath sound rales fine, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung base breath sound rales fine, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase lung lower breath sound rales fine, then the category is lung sound.
If you hear the phrase major injury, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase trauma major not present, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase major multiple trauma  other multiple trauma, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase easy bleeding after major surgery or trauma, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase major multiple trauma  brain and spinal cord injury, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase major multiple trauma  brain and multiple fracture amputation, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase intervertebral disc  displacement, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase lumbar, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase lumbosacral, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase due to major trauma  dislocation, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase thoracic, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase thoracolumbar, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase major multiple trauma  spinal cord and multiple fracture amputation, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase calendula officinalis flowering top 12  hp x  in 1 ml   croton tiglium seed 30  hp x  in 1 ml   sodium chloride 30  hp x  in 1 ml   plantago major 30  hp x  in 1 ml   toxicodendron pubescens leaf 30  hp x  in 1 ml   sarsaparilla 30  hp x  in 1 ml topical spray  first aid pain and trauma relief, then the category is major trauma.
If you hear the phrase mental state, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status finding point in time  patient narrative observed, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status finding point in time  patient nominal observed, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status adverse event, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase drowsiness, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status schedule, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase stupor, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase psychiatric mental status determination, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase neurological mental status determination, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status determination, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase assessment of mental status by psychiatrist, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase medico legal mental status determination, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase semicoma, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status questionnaire, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mini mental state examination, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status assessed  cap   em, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental health assessment status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status baseline, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status changes, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status tests, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status changes postoperative, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental health status find pt  patient ord observed omaha, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental health registration status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase acute mental status changes, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase performing mental status exam, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase preventive physical exam with mental status assessed, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase assess mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase temporal orientation  or mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase temporal orientation  or mental status   pt  patient, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase staff assessment for mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status assessment find pt  patient nom nemsis, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status assessment, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase brief interview for mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase mental status find pt  patient ord nsras, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase alteration in mental status, then the category is mental status.
If you hear the phrase persistent depressive disorder  dysthymia  with anxious distress, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase myopathy, then the category is mild distress.
If you hear the phrase areflexia, then the category is mild distress.
If you hear the phrase and dysphagia, then the category is mild distress.
If you hear the phrase early onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase mild variant, then the category is mild distress.
If you hear the phrase moderate, then the category is moderate distress.
If you hear the phrase persistent depressive disorder  dysthymia  w  anxious distress, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase moderate severe, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase moist skin, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase skin lesion, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase moist, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase moist periwound skin, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase incorporate moist wound healing techniques for skin autografts, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase ostomy with clean nonerythematous skin and pink, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase moist mucosa, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase esophagostomy with clean nonerythematous skin and pink moist mucosa, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase nephrostomy with clean, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase nonerythematous skin and pink, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase occasionally moist   skin is occasionally moist damp  requiring an extra linen change approximately once a day, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase moist   skin is often but not always moist damp  linen must be changed at least once a shift, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase suprapubic catheter with clean, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase percutaneous biliary tube clean nonerythema skin pink moist mucosa, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase percutaneous gastrostomy tube with clean, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase percutaneous jejunostomy tube with clean, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase peritoneal dialysis catheter clean nonerythematous skin pink moist mucosa, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase clean urethral meatus with catheter in place  nonerythematous skin, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase pink moist mucosa, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase use a moist cloth next to the skin to increase the sensation of cold heat, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase when appropriate, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase allow xeroform or biofrane to fall off on its own, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase then keep skin moist with eutracream, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase dimethicone 2 mg in 200 ml topical cream  moist moisture skin toner, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase rarely moist   skin is usually dry, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase linen requires changing only every 24 hours, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase titanium dioxide 1 22 g in 2   octinoxate 0 9 g in 2   zinc oxide 0 87 g in 2 topical cream  super origin cushion complete control 23 moist and natural skin, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase titanium dioxide 0 96 g in 2   octinoxate 0 9 g in 2   zinc oxide 0 86 g in 2 topical cream  super origin cushion complete control 21 moist and bright skin, then the category is moist skin.
If you hear the phrase adenoma, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic post transplant lymphoproliferative disorder, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase multifocal pvcs, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase nat1 protein, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasm, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase hard palate monomorphic adenoma, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic b cell post transplant lymphoproliferative disorder, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic t nk cell post transplant lymphoproliferative disorder, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase oral cavity monomorphic adenoma, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase parotid monomorphic adenoma, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic cellular infiltrate, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase ekg ventricular tachycardia monomorphic, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic adenoma of the mouse salivary glands, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic epitheliotropic intestinal t cell lymphoma, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase centroblastic  monomorphic, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase polymorphic, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase and multilobated subtypes  lymphoma  kiel classification, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic myoepithelial spindle cell carcinoma of the mouse mammary gland, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase monomorphic cells, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase medium sized, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase with round nuclei, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase multiple nucleoli, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase and moderate amount of cytoplasm, then the category is monomorphic.
If you hear the phrase 2 4 week milestones  extremities move equally, then the category is move extremities.
If you hear the phrase post op disch aldrete activity move two extremities volunt   on command, then the category is move extremities.
If you hear the phrase post op disch aldrete activity inability to move extremities, then the category is move extremities.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramp, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase cramps of lower extremities, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in the calf, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase cramp in foot, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps aggravated, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase nocturnal leg muscle cramps, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps at rest, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase exercise induced muscle cramps, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase cold induced muscle cramps, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase factors relieving muscle cramps in calf, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase factors relieving muscle cramps in feet, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in right thigh, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in left thigh, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in both thighs, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in right calf, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in left calf, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in both calves, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in buttock or hip region, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in right foot, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in left foot, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in both feet, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in hands, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps occur at night, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps precipitated by exercise, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase painful muscle cramps, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase do you get muscle cramps in your legs or feet find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase painful, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps during exercise, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle aches, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase cramps, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase have muscle cramps or pain, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle pain and cramps following exercise, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in hands occur at night, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in hands precipitated by exercise, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh occur at night, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh precipitated by exercise, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in calf occur at night, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in calf precipitated by exercise, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in feet occur at night, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in feet precipitated by exercise, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase factors relieving muscle cramps in thigh, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh relieved by medication, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh relieved by massage, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh relieved by heat, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh relieved by ice, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in thigh relieved by stretching, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in calf relieved by medication, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in calf relieved by massage, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase muscle cramps in calf relieved by heat, then the category is muscle cramps.
If you hear the phrase nausea adverse event, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase have nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase how much nausea during this period, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase how often nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase how much distress nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase usual severity nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase bothered by nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea presence or threshold point in time  patient ordinal, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase no nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase motion sickness, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea and vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase morning nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase emetrol, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase morning sickness, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase no vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase nausea present, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase postoperative nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea aggravated, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase anti nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea control, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase chronic nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea exertional, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea intractable, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase persistent nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase postprandial nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea recurrent, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase sickness nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea prophylaxis, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea care, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea  epidemic, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea find pt gastrointestinal system ord observed ccc, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase frequency of nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase intensity of nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase procedural nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea gravidarum, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase occurrence of nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase sensation of nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase level of nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea or vomiting, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase anticipatory nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase assessing nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase managing nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase nausea scale, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase functional nausea, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase seasickness, then the category is nausea.
If you hear the phrase near drowning, then the category is near drowning.
If you hear the phrase accidental drowning or near drowning while scuba diving, then the category is near drowning.
If you hear the phrase accidental drowning or near drowning while skin diving, then the category is near drowning.
If you hear the phrase aspiration pneumonia due to near drowning, then the category is near drowning.
If you hear the phrase neck injuries, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple injuries of neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase multiple superficial injuries of neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase other specified injuries of neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase other specified and unspecified injuries of neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase sequelae of injuries of neck and trunk, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase injury of back of neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase neck injuries and disorders, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase neck  wounds and injuries, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase injuries of brain and cranial nerves with injuries of nerves and spinal cord at neck level, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase late effect of fracture of neck of femur, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase sequelae of other specified injuries of neck and trunk, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase other specified injuries of unspecified part of neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase other specified injuries of other specified part of neck, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase screen for neck or back orthopedic injuries in which hyperextension of the upper spine would add discomfort and complications, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase horse chestnut 10  hp x  in 59 ml   arnica montana 10  hp x  in 59 ml   bellis perennis 10  hp x  in 59 ml   bryonia alba root 10  hp x  in 59 ml   oyster shell calcium carbonate, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase crude 10  hp x  in 59 ml   calcium fluoride 10  hp x  in 59 ml   black cohosh 10  hp x  in 59 ml   cobalt 10  hp x  in 59 ml   pseudognaphalium obtusifolium 10  hp x  in 59 ml   hypericum perforatum 10  hp x  in 59 ml   potassium carbonate 10  hp x  in 59 ml   potassium phosphate, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase dibasic 10  hp x  in 59 ml   magnesium phosphate, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase dibasic trihydrate 10  hp x  in 59 ml   oxalic acid dihydrate 10  hp x  in 59 ml   phosphorus 10  hp x  in 59 ml   toxicodendron pubescens leaf 10  hp x  in 59 ml   ruta graveolens flowering top 10  hp x  in 59 ml   zinc 10  hp x  in 59 ml oral liquid  back, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase muscle and joint injuries, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase dibasic trihydrate 10  hp x  in 59 ml   oxalic acid dihydrate 10  hp x  in 59 ml   phosphorus 10  hp x  in 59 ml   toxicodendron pubescens leaf 10  hp x  in 59 ml   ruta graveolens flowering top 10  hp x  in 59 ml   sepia officinalis juice 10  hp x  in 59 ml   zinc 10  hp x  in 59 ml oral liquid  back, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase muscle, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase and joint injuries relief, then the category is neck injuries.
If you hear the phrase nonneurogenic neurogenic bladder dysfunction, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic arthropathy, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic urinary bladder, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase sleep related respiratory failure, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase vasovagal syncope, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase neurofibrosarcoma, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase idiopathic fecal incontinence, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neuropathic ulcer, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase paralytic ptosis, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic pain, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic stammering, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic shock  disorder, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic claudication, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic hypertension, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic inflammation, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic bowel, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase sensory neuropathy, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic hoarseness, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase morvan s disease, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase constipation due to neurogenic bowel, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase reaction  neurogenic, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic dysphagia, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase appendix neuroma, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic arthritis, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase amyotrophy, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic changes, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic atrophy, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase atonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase neurotrophic keratoconjunctivitis, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic bladder rehabilitation, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic pancreatic secretory regulation, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic ossifying arthropathy, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase tropical ataxic neuropathy, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic muscular atrophy, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase adult malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase childhood malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurod protein, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase olfactory neurogenic tumor, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurogenic pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase nec in snomedct, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase uninhibited, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase posterior interosseous nerve compression, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase ochoa syndrome, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase chronic neurogenic ulcer of lower limb, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase peripheral neurogenic pain, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase neurog1 protein, then the category is neurogenic.
If you hear the phrase diabetes mellitus, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase normal blood pressure, then the category is normotensive.
If you hear the phrase normotensive with medication, then the category is normotensive.
If you hear the phrase infection not responding, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding to demands, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase difficulty responding to communication by others, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase promptness responding to inquires, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase wheezing responding to bronchodilators, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase responding to the human voice, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit arrived on the scene, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit was notified by dispatch, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase parenting   responding positively to child, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase refrains from responding to hallucinations or delusions, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit arrived at the patient s side, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit left the scene with a patient, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit was notified by dispatch tmstp pt  vehicle qn nemsis, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit arrived on the scene tmstp pt  vehicle qn nemsis, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase difficulty interpreting or responding to verbal nonverbal communication, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase joint pain or swelling responding to gamma globulin, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase language therapy receptive respond to yes or no questions, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit arrived with the patient at the destination or transfer point, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit arrived at the patient s side tmstp pt  vehicle qn nemsis, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit left the scene with a patient tmstp pt  vehicle qn nemsis, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase expanded problem focused interval history and physical with moderate complexity medical decision, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase subsequent nursing facility visit with expanded problem focused history and physical and moderate complexity medical decision, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase responding unit arrived with the patient at the destination or transfer point tmstp pt  vehicle qn nemsis, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase follow up inpatient consultation with expanded problem focused interval history and physical and moderate complexity medical decision, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase established patient, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase domiciliary or rest home established patient evaluation with expanded problem focused interval history and physical and moderate complexity medical decision, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase established home patient evaluation with expanded problem focused interval history and physical and moderate complexity medical decision, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase interrupt confabulation by changing the subject or responding to the feeling or theme, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase rather than the content of the verbalization, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase matter of fact approach when responding to socially unacceptable sexual remarks and behavior, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase subsequent hospital care, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase per day, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase for the evaluation and management of a patient, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase which requires at least 2 of these 3 key components  an expanded problem focused interval history  an expanded problem focused examination  medical decision making of moderate complexity  counseling and or coordination of care with other providers or agencies are provided consistent with the nature of the problem s  and the patient s and or family s needs  usually, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase the patient is responding inadequately to therapy or has developed a minor complication  physicians typically spend 25 minutes at the bedside and on the patient s hospital floor or unit, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase subsequent nursing facility care, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase which requires at least 2 of these 3 key components  an expanded problem focused interval history  an expanded problem focused examination  medical decision making of low complexity  counseling and or coordination of care with other providers or agencies are provided consistent with the nature of the problem s  and the patient s and or family s needs  usually, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase the patient is responding inadequately to therapy or has developed a minor complication  physicians typically spend 15 minutes with the patient and or family or caregiver, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase subsequent observation care, then the category is responding.
If you hear the phrase obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstruction within medical device, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase complete obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase bladder neck obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase cholestasis, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase duodenal obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase intestinal obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase lacrimal duct obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase leriche syndrome, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase nasal obstruction present finding, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase pyloric stenosis, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase renal artery obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase superior vena cava syndrome, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase fallopian tube obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase ureteral obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase urethral obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase ventricular outflow obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase intestinal volvulus, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstruction gastric, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstructed labor, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstruction of gallbladder, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase urinary tract obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstruction of bronchus, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstruction of colon, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase gastrointestinal obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase blocked ears, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstruction of esophagus, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase lymphatic obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstruction of larynx, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase tracheostomy obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase acute bronchiolitis with obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase occlusion of artery  disorder, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase portal vein obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase inferior vena cava syndrome, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase hernia, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase with obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase cholelithiasis with obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase calculus of common duct with obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase prostatic obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase meconium plug syndrome, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase nasolacrimal obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase congenital obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase obstructions and stenoses, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase acute obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase chronic obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase intermittent obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase progressive obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase partial obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase intrinsic obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase extrinsic obstruction, then the category is obstruction.
If you hear the phrase age of onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset of  contextual qualifier, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase prenatal onset or onset in infancy, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase prenatal onset or onset at birth, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase labor onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset of illness, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase gradual onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset of contractions, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset of pushing  in labor, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase time of onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase period of onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase menstruation onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset of confusion, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase date of onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase new onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset uncertain, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase qrs onset, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase prevent the start of etiologic sequence, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase sleep onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase stimulus onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase sudden onset  contextual qualifier   qualifier value, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase sudden onset  attribute, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase insidious onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase subacute onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase pain onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase congenital onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase childhood onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase rapid onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase infantile onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase adult onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset as neonate, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase neonatal onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase prelingual onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset of nosebleeds, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase antenatal onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase prenatal onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset of action, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase onset in adolescence, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase age of onset of symptoms time pt  patient qn, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase year of onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase postlingual onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase not employed at onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase age at event onset time point in time  patient quantitative, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase location of disease onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase temporal pattern, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase fetal onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase embryonal onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase juvenile onset, then the category is onset.
If you hear the phrase phosphoric acid esters, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphates, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate insecticide, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate hydrolase, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticide, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prid pt bld nom, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate poisoning, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prid pt urine nom, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prthr pt bld ord screen, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prthr pt xxx ord screen, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prthr pt tiss ord screen, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prid pt xxx nom, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prid pt tiss nom, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides mcnc pt urine qn screen, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate metabolic process, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate catabolic process, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate acaricide, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate herbicide, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase exposure to organophosphate pesticides, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate panel, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate insecticide antagonists, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase toxicology testing for organophosphate insecticide, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate and carbamate causing toxic effect, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticide adverse reaction, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticide allergy, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prthr pt gast fld ord screen, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides prid pt gast fld nom, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase aryldialkylphosphatase activity, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate ester transport, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides screen, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticide identification, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase diisopropyl fluorophosphatase activity, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase polyneuropathy  organophosphate compounds, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides   x7c  urine, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides   x7c  xxx, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate anticholinesterase antidote, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase accidental poisoning by organophosphate insecticides, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by organophosphate insecticides due to undetermined intent, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase intentional poisoning by organophosphate insecticides, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase blood organophosphate pesticides assay, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase susceptibility to, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate biosynthetic process, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate panel   pt xxx, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase toxic effect of organophosphate and or carbamate pesticide, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase toxic effect of organophosphate and carbamate insecticides, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate ester transmembrane transporter activity, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides   x7c  gastric fluid, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides   x7c  tissue and smears, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase intermediate syndrome, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase organophosphate pesticides   x7c  bld ser plas, then the category is organophosphate.
If you hear the phrase drug overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase prescription drug misuse, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase event qualification   overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase accidental overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase overdose effect, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase overdose of hashish, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase alcohol poisoning, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase x overdose   temazepam, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase flurazepam overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase nitrazepam overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase intentional drug overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase x  overdose   amylobarbitone, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase acetaminophen overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase salicylate overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase aspirin overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase phenazocine overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase dextromoramide overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase dextropropoxyphene overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase dipipanone overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase methadone overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase buprenorphine overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase overdose of codeine, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase heroin overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase overdose of dihydrocodeine, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase nalbuphine overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase morphine overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase alfentanil overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase fentanyl overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase pethidine overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase phenoperidine overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase meptazinol overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase levorphanol overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase acemetacin overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase azapropazone overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase diclofenac overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase etodolac overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase felbinac overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase fenbufen overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase fenoprofen overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase flurbiprofen overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase ibuprofen overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase indomethacin overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase ketoprofen overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase ketorolac overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase nabumetone overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase naproxen overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase nefopam overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase oxyphenbutazone overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase phenylbutazone overdose, then the category is overdose.
If you hear the phrase nursing goals oxygenation improved ventilation and adequate oxygenation, then the category is ventilation adequate.
If you hear the phrase nursing goals obtain adequate oxygenation, then the category is oxygenation adequate.
If you hear the phrase monitor oxygenation and initiate measures to promote adequate oxygenation of vital organs, then the category is oxygenation adequate.
If you hear the phrase ulcer braden q scale   tissue perfusion   oxygenation adequate, then the category is oxygenation adequate.
If you hear the phrase assess and maintain an adequate airway, then the category is oxygenation adequate.
If you hear the phrase ensuring adequate oxygenation during all phases of anesthesia care, then the category is oxygenation adequate.
If you hear the phrase bread, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase frequency of pain question, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase administration method   pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase adverse event associated with pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain adverse event by ctcae anatomic descriptor, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain   point in time  patient, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase have pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase usual severity pain, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase how much distress pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase absence of pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase had no pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase no extremity pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase neck pain score 0, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain management, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain assessed as no pain present, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain assessed as pain present, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase indicators of pain or possible pain   point in time  patient, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase indicators of pain or possible pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain syndromes  neck pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain syndromes  limb pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain syndromes  other pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase pain syndromes  back pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase analgesics, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase arthralgia, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase back pain, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase causalgia, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase neck pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase pain in the coccyx, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase dysmenorrhea, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase dysuria, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase earache, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase facial pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase flank pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase foot pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase glossalgia, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase hip pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase pain in lower limb, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase low back pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase mastodynia, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase musculoskeletal pain, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase neuralgia, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase nociceptors, then the category is pain.
If you hear the phrase dyspareunia  female, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase rectal pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase pain in testicle, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase eye pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase mittelschmerz, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase swallowing painful, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase oral pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase knee pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase bladder pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful penile erection, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase sore to touch, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase pain in scrotum, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase vaginal pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase dyschezia, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase ankle pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase arm pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase tenderness of gums, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase hand pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase nipple pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase prostatic pain, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase cheilodynia, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful ejaculation, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase ophthalmoplegia, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase vulvodynia, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful teething, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase talking painful, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful lactation, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful intercourse female, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful orgasm, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase tender larynx, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase painful hematuria, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase breastfeeding painful, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase pain of ear structure, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful paresthesias, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful feet, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase painful scar, then the category is painful.
If you hear the phrase peripheral pulse palpable, then the category is palpable pulse.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of ear, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of wrist, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of hand, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of thumb, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of single finger, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase partial thickness burn, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of trunk, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of lower limb, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase deep partial thickness burn, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of scalp, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of forehead, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase partial thickness burn of eye, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of nose, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of cheek, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase partial thickness burn of lip, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of chin, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase partial thickness burn of neck, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of shoulder, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of axilla, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of elbow, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of forearm, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of palm, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of back, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of breast, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase partial thickness burn of genitalia, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase partial thickness burn of buttock, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of thigh, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of knee, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of ankle, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of toe, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase second degree burn of foot, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase debridement of partial thickness burn, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase dressing of partial thickness burn, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase partial thickness burn of wrist and hand, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of thigh, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of knee, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of ankle, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of foot, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of wrist, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of thumb, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of shoulder, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of axilla, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of elbow, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of forearm, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of genitalia, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of buttock, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of breast, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of neck, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial partial thickness burn of cheek, then the category is partial thickness burn.
If you hear the phrase patient s condition stable, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase patient condition code   stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase patient will maintain stable intracranial pressure, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase patient will have stable or improved body systems function, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase conclusion of operation extubation occurred in operating room with patient in stable condition, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase post operative care patient determined to be stable, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase repair of retinal detachment patient to recovery alert, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase oriented, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase stable, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase vitrectomy pars plana patient to recovery alert, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase and stable, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase assist patient, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase when adequately alert, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase physically stable, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase to return to the inpatient nursing unit or another recovery area, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase the patient is stable with no heightened risk s  for serious complications and death  beyond those typical of the patient s age, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase the patient is stable with no risk for serious complications and death  beyond those typical of the patient s age, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase the patient is temporarily facing high health risks but likely to return to being stable without risk for serious complications and death  beyond those typical of the patient s age, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase the patient is temporarily facing high health risk s  but is likely to return to being stable without heightened risk s  for serious complications and death  beyond those typical of the patient s age, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase which requires at least 2 of these 3 key components  a problem focused interval history  a problem focused examination  straightforward medical decision making  counseling and or coordination of care with other providers or agencies are provided consistent with the nature of the problem s  and the patient s and or family s needs  usually, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase the patient is stable, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase recovering, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase or improving  physicians typically spend 10 minutes with the patient and or family or caregiver, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase which requires at least 2 of these 3 key components  a problem focused interval history  a problem focused examination  medical decision making that is straightforward or of low complexity  counseling and or coordination of care with other providers or agencies are provided consistent with the nature of the problem s  and the patient s and or family s needs  usually, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase recovering or improving  physicians typically spend 15 minutes at the bedside and on the patient s hospital floor or unit, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase evaluation and management of a patient involving an annual nursing facility assessment, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase which requires these 3 key components  a detailed interval history  a comprehensive examination  and medical decision making that is of low to moderate complexity  counseling and or coordination of care with other physicians, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase other qualified health care professionals, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase or agencies are provided consistent with the nature of the problem s  and the patient s and or family s needs  usually, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase or improving  typically, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase 30 minutes are spent at the bedside and on the patient s facility floor or unit, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase which requires at least 2 of these 3 key components  problem focused interval history  problem focused examination  medical decision making that is straightforward or of low complexity  counseling and or coordination of care with other providers or agencies are provided consistent with the nature of the problem s  and the patient s and or family s needs  usually, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase or improving  physicians typically spend 15 minutes at the bedside and on the patient s hospital floor or unit, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase physical therapy evaluation  low complexity, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase requiring these components  a history with no personal factors and or comorbidities that impact the plan of care  an examination of body system s  using standardized tests and measures addressing 1 2 elements from any of the following  body structures and functions, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase activity limitations, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase and or participation restrictions  a clinical presentation with stable and or uncomplicated characteristics  and clinical decision making of low complexity using standardized patient assessment instrument and or measurable assessment of functional outcome  typically, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase 20 minutes are spent face to face with the patient and or family, then the category is patient stable.
If you hear the phrase interim stress electrocardiogram peaked t waves, then the category is peaked t waves.
If you hear the phrase perfusion  procedure, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase infusion procedures, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion route, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase cardiopulmonary bypass, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase infusion pump, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase other perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase in situ perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase pulsatile flow, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion units, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase extracorporeal perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion of limb, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion of liver, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase local perfusion of kidney, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase complication of perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase isolated limb perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase arterial perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase myocardial perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase tissue perfusion measure, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase apparatus, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion  blood, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion of organ, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase catheters, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase vascular, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion finding, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase chemotherapeutic hyperthermic perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase chemotherapeutic peritoneal perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase multisection perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase views perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion record, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase chemotherapy, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase cancer, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase regional perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase cardiac stress test perfusion studied, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase local perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion imaging, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion scintigraphy, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion index, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase cardiovascular perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase cerebral perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion heart, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion  physiology, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase perfusion culture, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase anesthetized exsanguination and perfusion euthanasia, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase tissue perfusion alteration  alteration of cerebral perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase tissue perfusion alteration  alteration of renal perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase tissue perfusion goals  promote tissue perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase tissue perfusion goals  maintain tissue perfusion, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase infusion pumps, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase external  device, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase implantable, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase intra arterial infusions, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase insulin infusion systems, then the category is perfusion.
If you hear the phrase ventilation perfusion ratio, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase pulse wave form imp pt posterior tibial artery right nom us doppler, then the category is post form.
If you hear the phrase pulse wave form imp pt posterior tibial artery left nom us doppler, then the category is post form.
If you hear the phrase external breast prosthesis garment, then the category is post form.
If you hear the phrase with mastectomy form, then the category is post form.
If you hear the phrase post mastectomy, then the category is post form.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase possible pregnancy  finding, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase hydatidiform mole, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase prolonged, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase heterotopic, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase encounter due to normal pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase ectopic pregnancy previous pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase tubal pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase combined intrauterine and ovarian pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase thrombosis  pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase ectopic pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase molar pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy  hypertension, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy induced, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase cervical pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase interligamentous pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy test positive   pregnancy no, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase recent pregnancy with pregnancy number, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase cornual pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase mesometric pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase mural pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy with history of ectopic pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase combined tubal and intrauterine pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase spontaneous abortion, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase obstetric delivery, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase fetal membranes, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase premature rupture, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase polyhydramnios, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase hyperemesis gravidarum, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase maternal age, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy benefits, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase parity, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pre eclampsia, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy complications, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase infectious, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy history, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy in adolescence, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy intervals, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy maintenance, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy outcome, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy proteins, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy rate, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy tests, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy trimesters, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase abdominal, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase animal, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase multiple pregnancy, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase ovarian, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase planned, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase tubal, then the category is pregnancy.
If you hear the phrase left sided heart failure, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase acute pulmonary edema due to fumes and or vapors, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase acute pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase postoperative pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase chronic pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase high altitude pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase toxic pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase chemical induced pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase oxygen induced pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase fluid overload pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase uremic lung, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase high altitude pulmonary hypertension, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase o e   pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase hemorrhagic pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase hemorrhage  lung, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase massive, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase risk of pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase lung rll pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema fulminant, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema interstitial, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema interstitial chronic, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema new onset, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema recurrent, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase chronic cardiac pulmonary oedema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary oedema aggravated, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary oedema neonatal, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase flash pulmonary oedema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase negative pressure pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase reexpansion pulmonary oedema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase subacute pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase edema of lung with heart failure, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase rnox monitor for pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase hypertension in the puerperium with pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema due to hypoproteinemia, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase medical pulmonary edema chf, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase bovine atypical interstitial pneumonia, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase drug induced acute pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase monitor for pulmonary edema and third spacing, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary oedema post fume inhalation, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase acute left ventricular failure, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase cardiac catheterization complicated by pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase edema of lung with heart disease nos, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase chemical pulmonary edema  acute   chronic, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pregnancy induced hypertension with pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase high altitude acute pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary edema caused by chemical fumes, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase post upper airway obstruction pulmonary edema, then the category is pulmonary edema.
If you hear the phrase pulse taking, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase physiologic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse phenomenon, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase loss of pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse radiolysis, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximeter, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase plethysmographs, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase monitoring of pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase arterial pulse pressure, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulsus paradoxus, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase pulsus trigeminus, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase double pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase capillary pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase collapsing pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase dropped beats   pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase abdominal pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase abrupt pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase ectopic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase funic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase labile pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase nail pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase weak arterial pulse, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase peripheral pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase radial pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase function, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase ulnar pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase femoral pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase popliteal pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase ankle pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pedal pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse register, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase abnormal pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase bigeminal pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse deficit, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase normal pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase absent pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase anacrotic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase anadicrotic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase anatricrotic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase dicrotic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase tricrotic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase polycrotic pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse irregular, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase giant cell hyaline angiopathy, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse characteristics, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse rhythm, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase character of pulse, then the category is pulse.
If you hear the phrase overnight pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry waveform, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry monitoring, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry site anatomy point in time   nominal, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry site, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase fetal pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximeter tester, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry panel, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase continuous pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase personal, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry with multiple determinations, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry oxygen saturation, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry at rest, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry during exercise, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry earlobe, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry finger, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry following exercise, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry forehead, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry toe, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry with cardiac monitoring, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase intermittent pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry monitors, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase transducer output, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry with ankle brachial index, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry with continuous overnight monitoring, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry with ankle arm index, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase phenx   respiratory   pulse oximetry   rest, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase perfusion index velrto pt tiss qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse oximetry telemetric monitoring system, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase transmission red afr pt blda qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase plethysmogram afr pt blda qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase transmission afr pt blda qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase transmission infrared afr pt blda qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase pulse waveform amplitude using pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase non invasive ear or pulse oximetry during exercise, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase noninvasive ear or pulse oximetry for oxygen saturation  single determination, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase noninvasive ear or pulse oximetry for oxygen saturation  multiple determinations  eg, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase during exercise, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase noninvasive ear or pulse oximetry for oxygen saturation  by continuous overnight monitoring, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase follow protocol for management of patient with continuous pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase modify order if pulse oximetry under specified amount, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase notify if pulse oximetry under specified amount, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase notify if pulse oximetry under or equal to specified amount, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase oxygen saturation mfr pt bld preductal qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase oxygen saturation mfr pt blda qn pulse oximetry, then the category is pulse oximetry.
If you hear the phrase o e   pulse rate pulse deficit, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase normal pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase abnormal pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate altered, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase o e   pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase o e   pulse rate normal, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase o e   pulse rate tachycardia, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase o e pulse rate stable, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase radial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate finding, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate stable, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate fell, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase heart rate and pulse investigations, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate monitors, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase brachial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase monitors radial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate with activity, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase monitors pulse rate and rhythm, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase increased radial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase right brachial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase right radial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase right carotid pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pedal pulse rate  right, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left radial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left brachial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left femoral pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left pedal pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left carotid pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase right femoral pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase peripheral pulse taking, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase posterior tibial pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase dorsalis pedis pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase orthostatic rise in pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate while sitting, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate while standing, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left popliteal pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left subclavian pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase left ulnar pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase right popliteal pulse rate, then the category is pulse rate.
If you hear the phrase qrs axis  observable entity, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase wide qrs complex, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex duration  observable entity, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase narrow qrs complex, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex feature, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram qrs complex, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase ecg  qrs complex normal, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex impression interpretation of study point in time heart narrative ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex impression interpretation of study point in time heart nominal ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs axis angle point in time heart quantitative ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration time point in time heart quantitative ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex nrat pt heart ventricles qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs interval, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase wide complex tachycardia, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs offset, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs axis normal, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs axis abnormal, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase increased qrs voltage, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase wide complex supraventricular tachycardia, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase left axis deviation, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase wide complex ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase 3 lead electrocardiogram rhythm strip  qrs configuration, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram  qrs interval, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram  low voltage qrs complete, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase auriculo ventricular dissociation, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase wide qrs ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase narrow qrs ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex height, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex height increased, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex height decreased, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs complex shape, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase electrocardiogram q waves test, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead avf time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead avl time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead avr time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead i time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead ii time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead iii time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead v1 time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead v2 time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead v3 time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead v4 time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead v5 time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs duration lead v6 time pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs initial amplitude lead avf elpot pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs initial amplitude lead avl elpot pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs initial amplitude lead avr elpot pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase qrs initial amplitude lead i elpot pt heart qn ekg, then the category is qrs.
If you hear the phrase pain quality finding point in time  patient nominal, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain quality, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain threshold, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain by sensation quality, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase quality of chest pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase quality of abdominal pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase quality of flank pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase sharp flank pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase knifelike flank pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase dull flank pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase drilling quality pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase advocate for quality of life and pain control issues, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase nps   describe the time quality of your pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase determine pain location, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase characteristics, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase quality, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase and severity before medicating patient, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase teach patient and family to monitor pain intensity, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase and duration, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase acetaminophen 500 mg oral tablet, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase perform a comprehensive assessment of pain to include location, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase onset duration, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase frequency, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase intensity or severity of pain, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase and precipitating factors, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase teach patient how to titrate doses up or down, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase depending on respiratory rate, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain intensity, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase and pain quality, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase phenazopyridine hydrochloride 95 mg oral tablet, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase benzocaine 0 2 mg mg oral gel, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase phenazopyridine hydrochloride 97 5 mg oral tablet, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase camphor 108 mg ml   phenol 47 mg ml topical solution, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase methenamine 162 mg   sodium salicylate 162 5 mg oral tablet, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase acetaminophen 325 mg   phenylephrine hydrochloride 5 mg oral tablet, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase 8 hr acetaminophen 650 mg extended release oral tablet, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase severe harm  bodily or psychological injury  including pain or disfigurement  that interferes significantly with functional ability or quality of life, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase lidocaine 0 04 mg mg medicated patch, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase determine the impact of the pain experience on quality of life  e g, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase sleep, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase appetite, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase activity, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase cognition, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase mood, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase relationships, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase performance of job, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase and role responsibilities, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase aspirin 325 mg   citric acid 1000 mg   sodium bicarbonate 1916 mg effervescent oral tablet, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase bacitracin 0 5 unt mg   neomycin 0 0035 mg mg   polymyxin b 10 unt mg   pramoxine hydrochloride 0 01 mg mg topical ointment, then the category is quality of pain.
If you hear the phrase rapid upstroke pulse, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase rapid  feeble pulse, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase rapid thready pulse, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase pulse  feeble, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase and rapid, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase due to shock following injury, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase carotid massage or valsalva slows tachycardia, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase monitor exercise tolerance  e g, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase presence of such symptoms as breathlessness, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase rapid pulse, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase pallor, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase and joint muscle pain or swelling  during exercise, then the category is rapid pulse.
If you hear the phrase reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase reaction finding point in time  patient nominal, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase no reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase agglutination tests, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase anniversary reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase arthus reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase bereavement, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase biuret reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase conglutinating complement absorption test, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase conversion disorder, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase cross reactions, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase reactive depression, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase dissociative disorder, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase echolalia, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase escape reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase stress fractures, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase grief reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase histiocytosis, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase immunologic memory, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase inflammation, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase leukemoid reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase maillard reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase panic, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase periodic acid schiff reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase prussian blue reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase reaction time, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase retrograde degeneration, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase serum sickness, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase shwartzman phenomenon, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase startle, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase adjustment reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase adverse reaction to drug, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase wassermann reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase thormahlen reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase browning reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase biological adaptation to stress, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase manic psychosis, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase paranoid reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase reaction aggravation, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase unevaluable reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase schizophrenic reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase phototoxic, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase lichenoid eruptions, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase reaction emotional, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase nonspecific reaction, then the category is reaction.
If you hear the phrase regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase diet, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase insulin, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular astigmatism, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase normal diet, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase fair prognosis, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase crest regular dentifrice, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase heart regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular periods, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase drinker, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase in regular work, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase checking patient regularly, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular uterine contractions, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular exercise  observable entity, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular frequency, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular beer, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase ecotrin regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase iletin regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase sulfoxyl regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase shield regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase underpad regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase aveeno regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase physician regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase milk proper, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase vasocon regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular production, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase midol regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase pernox, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase menstrual cycles regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular exercise  therapy, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase citracal regular, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular pop, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular nighttime, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular daytime, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular acanthosis, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase isophane, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase menorrhagia, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase stoddard solvent, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase fair therapeutic response, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase dense fibrous connective tissue, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase dense elastic connective tissue, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase halibut liver oil, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase doan s   regular strength analgesic, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase iletin i, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase norwich regular strength aspirin, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase primatene tablets regular formula, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular iletin ii, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase regular strength ascriptin tablets, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase mechanical regular diet, then the category is regular.
If you hear the phrase respiration, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase cell respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiratory gaseous exchange in organisms, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase calorimetry, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase indirect, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiration disorders, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase respiratory muscles, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase respiratory arrest, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiration electrodes, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiratory gas ventilation, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiration alteration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiration monitoring, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respirations counting and evaluation, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase meningitic respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase stertorous breathing, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase paradoxical respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase diaphragmatic breathing, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase electrophrenic respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiratory depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase noisy respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase respiration   other, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase grunting respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase pleuritic breathing, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase spontaneous respiration, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase thoracic breathing, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase crowing respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase groaning respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase hissing respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase sighing respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase sobbing respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase whistling respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase whooping respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase rapid shallow breathing, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase rhythm of respiration  observable entity, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase irregular breathing, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase moves with respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase phase of respiration, then the category is respiration.
If you hear the phrase recorders, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase trend, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase respiration rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase rate of spontaneous respiration, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase o e rate of respiration normal, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase o e   rate of respiration slow, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase finding of rate of respiration, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase respiration rate cmplx enctr frst  patient set, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase respiration rate special circumstances, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase respiration rate by telemetry, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase respiration rate monitors, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase respiration rate special circumstances type enctr frst  patient nom, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase modify order if respiration rate over specified rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase modify order if respiration rate under specified rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase notify if respiration rate over specified rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase notify if respiration rate under specified rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase notify if respiration rate over or equal to specified rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase notify if respiration rate under or equal to specified rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase monitor rate, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase rhythm, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase depth, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase and effort of respirations, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase larynx during respiration at rest fast rate of respiratory cycles, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase mechanical ventilation alarm for low respiration rate     breaths min, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase mechanical ventilation alarm for high respiration rate     breaths min, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase larynx during respiration at rest normal respiratory rate  3 4 seconds each, then the category is respiration rate.
If you hear the phrase respiratory syncytial virus  as cause of disease classified elsewhere, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase respiratory syncytial virus as the cause of diseases classified to other chapters, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase viral  infection, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase respiratory syncytial virus, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase as cause of disease classified elsewhere, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase bronchiolitis, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase pneumonia, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase cause of death usually due to respiratory failure before adulthood, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase respiratory syncytial virus infection as cause of disease classified elsewhere, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase inhalation and ingestion of other objects causing obstruction of respiratory tract as an external cause of morbidity and mortality, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase inhalation and ingestion of food causing obstruction of respiratory tract as an external cause of morbidity and mortality, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase administer parenteral chloride solutions to reduce hco3, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase while correcting the cause of respiratory alkalosis, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase infection  viral, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase bronchitis, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase acute or s, then the category is respiratory cause.
If you hear the phrase neonatal respiratory depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase respiratory depression potential, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase respiratory center  depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase respiratory depression in newborn, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase central respiratory depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase acute central respiratory depression  smq, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase respiratory center depression due to brain injury, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase respiration alteration caused by depression of respiratory center, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs and symptoms of hypermagnesemia  muscle weakness, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase inability to swallow, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase cns depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase lethargy, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase and depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase monitor for adverse reactions, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase including respiratory depression, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase urinary retention, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase undue somnolence, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase and vomiting, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase monitor for cardiopulmonary manifestations of hypermagnesemia  e g, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase and heart blocks, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase monitor the patient for adverse effects of medication, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase including agitation, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase hypoxemia, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase or exacerbation of a preexisting condition, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase evaluate the effectiveness of analgesic at regular frequent intervals after each administration, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase but especially after the initial doses, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase also observing for any signs and symptoms of untoward effects  e g, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase dry mouth, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase and constipation, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase monitor for possible causes of carbonic acid excess and respiratory acidosis, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase such as airway obstruction, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase depressed ventilation, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase neurological disease, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase chronic lung disease, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase musculoskeletal disease, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase chest trauma, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase infection, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase ards, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase cardiac failure, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase and use of respiratory depressant drugs, then the category is respiratory depression.
If you hear the phrase o e   respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase other respiratory distress of newborn, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase monitor for respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs of respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase children, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase postoperative respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase transient respiratory distress with sepsis, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase acute respiratory distress culture, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress  congenital form, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress in neonatal period, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress  neonate, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress in early infancy, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress insufficiency, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress  in some patients, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase psychogenic respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress  in 1 patient, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress at birth, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase acute respiratory distress in newborn, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress in infancy, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase medical respiratory distress croup, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase medical respiratory distress bronchiolitis, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress due to hypotonia, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase severe respiratory distress at birth, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase neonatal respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress at birth and in infancy, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase transitory tachypnea of newborn, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase hantavirus pulmonary syndrome, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase bacteria identified prid pt sputum nom acute respiratory distress culture, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase adult respiratory distress syndrome nec, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase neonatal respiratory distress syndrome prophylaxis, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase neonatal respiratory distress related conditions, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase acute respiratory distress syndrome  uncommon, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress 1, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase adult respiratory distress syndrome adverse event, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase choreoathetosis, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase hypothyroidism, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase and neonatal respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase initial inspection  infant in respiratory distress, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase type i, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase resorption atelectasis without respiratory distress syndrome, then the category is respiratory distress.
If you hear the phrase encourage drivers not to start automobile until all passengers are restrained, then the category is restrained passengers.
If you hear the phrase return of spontaneous circulation, then the category is spontaneous circulation.
If you hear the phrase return of spontaneous circulation find pt  patient ord nemsis, then the category is spontaneous circulation.
If you hear the phrase signs of return of spontaneous circulation, then the category is spontaneous circulation.
If you hear the phrase return of spontaneous circulation  pulse or bp noted, then the category is spontaneous circulation.
If you hear the phrase monitor orthostatic blood pressure and change in cardiac rhythm, then the category is rhythm change.
If you hear the phrase disturbance in speech rhythm, then the category is rhythm disturbance.
If you hear the phrase sleep phase rhythm disturbances, then the category is rhythm disturbance.
If you hear the phrase seizure adverse event, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase no seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase gelastic seizure with intractable seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase intractable jacksonian epilepsy, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase cursive seizure with intractable seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase febrile convulsions, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase epilepsy, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase myoclonic epilepsy, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase absence epilepsy, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase temporal lobe, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase jacksonian seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase fit frequency, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase seizure management, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase seizure precautions, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase convulsions in the newborn, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase generalized seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase clonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase stress seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase withdrawal seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase tremors and or seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase unilateral seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase reflex epilepsy, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase cursive  running, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase gelastic epilepsy, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase visual seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase tonic seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase epileptic drop attack, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase visual partial seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase gustatory partial seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase reading, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase abdominal seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase musicogenic, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase akinetic, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase dissociative convulsions, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase anoxic seizure  finding, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase nocturnal epilepsy, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase versive seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase postural seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase phonatory seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase somatosensory, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase auditory, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase olfactory seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase gustatory seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase vertiginous seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase dysphasic seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase dysmnesic seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase cognitive seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase affective seizure, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase jackknife seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase alcohol withdrawal seizures, then the category is seizure.
If you hear the phrase septicemia, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis  invertebrate, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase abortion, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase meningococcemia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase viremia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase hemorrhagic septicemia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis due to urinary tract infection, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase salmonella sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase plague, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septicemic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase anthrax sepsis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase streptococcal sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase staphylococcal bacteraemia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase pneumococcal sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase septicemia due to anaerobes, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase pseudomonal sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase serratia sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis secondary, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase systemic inflammatory response syndrome, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase tracheostomy sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase miscarriage with sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase puerperal sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase infectious disorder of trachea, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase infectious disorder of bronchus, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase erysipelothrix septicemia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase lemierre syndrome, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase actinomycotic septicemia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase septicemia candida, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase umbilical sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis of the newborn, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase other septicemia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase puerperal infection sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase dental abscess, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase proteus septicemia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase bacterial sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase catheter sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase cryptococcal sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase enterobacter sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase enterococcus sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis due to fungus, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase klebsiella sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase meningococcus sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis bacteremia, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis fulminant, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis pasteurella, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase haemophilus sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase escherichia sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase periumbilical sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase neutropenic sepsis, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase sepsis mrsa, then the category is sepsis.
If you hear the phrase arthritis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase infectious enteritis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase pyoderma, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic necrosis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase streptococcal sore throat, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic thrombus, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic toxemia, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase wound infection, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase septic myocarditis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase abscess of toe, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic bronchitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic pleurisy, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase malignant endocarditis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase suppurative cholangitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase suppurative tonsillitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic splenitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase listerial septicemia, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase infectious colitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase infectious gastroenteritis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic embolus, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic infarct, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase sepsis associated encephalopathy, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic finger, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic thrombophlebitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase arthrtis septic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic joint, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase bacterial prostatitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic spots, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase laryngitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic phlebitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase infected bursa, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic  granuloma, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic rash, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase anemia  septic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase angina  septic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase arm  septic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic  leg, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic  cellulitis, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic  eczema, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic  gallbladder, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase septic  hand, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase skin  septic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase throat  septic, then the category is septic.
If you hear the phrase severe  severity modifier, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase grade 3 severe adverse event, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe   severity of illness code, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe   triage code, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase allergy severity   severe, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe extremity pain, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase borg category ratio 10 perceived exertion score 5, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase not severe, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase borg category ratio 10 perceived exertion score 6, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe dengue, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase obesity, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase morbid, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase powerlessness, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase granulocytopenia severe, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe hydronephrosis, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase anemia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase proteinuria, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe myopia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe hypothyroidism, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe hereditary factor viii deficiency disease, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe pain, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe malnutrition, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe dysplasia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe pre eclampsia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase disability   severe, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe ichthyoses, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase symptom severe, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe vertigo, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe inflammation, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe asthma, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe depression, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe nonproliferative diabetic retinopathy, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase concussion, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe imbecility, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe toxemia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe cytopenia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase ara severus, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe thrombus, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase moderate to severe, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase infantile malignant osteopetrosis, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe diarrhea, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe sepsis, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe micromelia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe emaciation, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe brachydactyly, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe disorder, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe phenotype, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe hyalinosis, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase severe muscular hypotonia, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase autism, then the category is severe.
If you hear the phrase respiratory distress due to severe micrognathia  in some patients, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase high risk or confused lethargic disoriented or severe pain distress, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase allelic disorder to choreoathetosis, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase congenital hypothyroidism, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase and neonatal respiratory distress  610978, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase which is a more severe disorder, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase recognize potential contraindications for amnioinfusion  e g, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase amnionitis, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase multiple gestation, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase severe fetal distress, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase fetal scalp ph   7 20, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase known fetal anomaly, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase known uterine anomaly, then the category is severe distress.
If you hear the phrase severe reaction, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase reaction to severe stress, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase severe allergic reaction, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase and adjustment disorders, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase severe cutaneous adverse reaction, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase susceptibility to  finding, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase pcr test for sars, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase identify true contraindications for administering immunizations  anaphylactic reaction to previous vaccine and moderate or severe illness with or without fever, then the category is severe reaction.
If you hear the phrase pain severity, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity reported, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity score pt  patient qn reported visual analog score, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity total score pt  patient qn observed flacc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity face find pt  patient ord observed flacc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity legs find pt  patient ord observed flacc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity activity find pt  patient ord observed flacc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity cry find pt  patient ord observed flacc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity consolability find pt  patient ord observed flacc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase chest pain increasing in severity, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase severity of flank pain, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity quantified, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity descriptive category arbitrary point in time  patient ordinal, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity descriptive category, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity find pt  patient ord reported fps r, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity in last 5d, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity score pt  patient qn phenx, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pelvic pain decreasing in severity, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pelvic pain increasing in severity, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase average severity of pain, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase gcgi   global severity of pain, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase haq di with vas   severity of pain in the past week, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity finding point in time  patient ordinal reported, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity 0 10, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity quantified  pain present  coa   onc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity quantified  no pain present  coa   onc, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity during last 2d, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity verbal numeric scale finding point in time  patient quantitative, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity verbal numeric scale, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity by visual analog scale, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain level by brief pain inventory severity score, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase whympi pain experience subscale  pain severity score, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity find pt  patient ord reported wong baker faces pain rating scale, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity during last 2d score 2d  patient ord reported, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity in last 5d find 5d  patient ord cms assessment, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity   0 10 verbal numeric rating number point in time  patient quantitative reported, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity   0 10 verbal numeric rating, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase severity of pain on average over the past mo, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase severity of pain on average over the past mo find 1mo  patient ord reported, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase worst severity past seven days pain, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase worst severity past seven days pain in the abdomen, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase determine analgesic selections  narcotic, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase nonnarcotic, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase or nsaid, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase based on type and severity of pain, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase rate pain severity in last 5d using verbal descriptor scale, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity reported based on verbal numeric rating  0 10, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity in the past w   0 10 numeric rating, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase pain severity in the past w   0 10 numeric rating score 1w  patient ord reported, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase worst severity past seven days pain during vaginal sex, then the category is severity of pain.
If you hear the phrase breathing abnormally shallow, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase slow shallow breathing, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase o e   shallow breathing, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase shallow breathing  decreased tidal volume, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase instruct patient on shallow breathing  e g, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase panting   with delivery of head, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase post op disch aldrete respiration dyspnea w  shallow limited breathing, then the category is shallow breathing.
If you hear the phrase shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase c o shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase postoperative shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase shivering sensation, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase mild shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase bothered by shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase shivering when cold, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase non shivering thermogenesis, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase shivering will decrease or cease, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase infusion associated shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase injection associated shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase give appropriate medication to prevent or control shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase prevent or control shivering with medication or by wrapping the extremities, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase observe for and note shivering  notify physician of occurrence, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase past seven days frequency of shivering or shaking chills, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase administer iv medication to control shivering, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase per agency protocol, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase worst severity past seven days shivering or shaking chills, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase monitor for symptoms associated with hypothermia  fatigue, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase apathy, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase impaired coordination, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase slurred speech, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase and change in skin color, then the category is shivering.
If you hear the phrase no shock   special handling code, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase no shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase culture shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase shock  birth, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase convulsive therapy, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase electroconvulsive therapy, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase electroconvulsive shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase insulin coma, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase osmotic pressure, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase endotoxic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase hemorrhagic, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase status asthmaticus, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase shock management, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase shock prevention, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase addisonian crisis, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase abortion complicated by shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase shock during and or following labor and or delivery, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase shock due to anesthesia, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase stress disorders, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase bacteremic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase pyrogenic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase heat shock response, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase anaphylactoid reaction, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase refractory shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase gram positive septic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase cardiovascular decompression injury, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase shock  lightning, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase other shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase osmotic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase psychological shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase spinal shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase toxic shock syndrome, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase hypotensive shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase hypoglycemic shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase clinically shocked, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase dc shock, then the category is shock.
If you hear the phrase unknown aed shockable rhythm, then the category is shockable rhythm.
If you hear the phrase unknown aed non shockable rhythm, then the category is shockable rhythm.
If you hear the phrase shockable heart rhythm detected by automated external defibrillator, then the category is shockable rhythm.
If you hear the phrase non shockable heart rhythm detected by automated external defibrillator, then the category is shockable rhythm.
If you hear the phrase no shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase usual severity shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase how often shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase how much distress shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath not present, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase increasing breathlessness, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath acute, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath chronic, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath episode, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath extreme, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath intermittent, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath new onset, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath progressive, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath rest, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath stable chronic, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath with activity, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase clasp shortness of breath score, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase dyspnea adverse event, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase phq 15   shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath at its worst, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase severely short of breath   answer, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase moderately short of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase mildly short of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase some shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase phq screener version   shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase how much shortness of breath during activity, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase a little short of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase bothered by shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase i ve had no shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath in last 7d, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath increased certain movement, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath with activity find 24h respiratory system ord reported hiv ssc, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath at rest find 24h respiratory system ord reported hiv ssc, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 dyspnea, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 dyspnea, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 dyspnea, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 dyspnea, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 dyspnea, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath find pt  patient ord mds, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase over the past 3mo, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase i have had shortness of breath find 3mo  patient ord phenx, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase bothered by shortness of breath in last 4w, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath causing difficulty speaking, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase sgrq c   have shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase shortness of breath with daily activities questionnaire, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase exertion level causing shortness of breath, then the category is shortness of breath.
If you hear the phrase sinus tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase sinus tachycardia adverse event, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase continuous electrocardiogram sinus tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase sinoatrial nodal reentry, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase maternal sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia  sick sinus, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase inappropriate sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ecg  sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase sinus  sinusal  tachycardia nos, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase inappropriate sinus tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase carotid sinus massage stops tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase interim stress electrocardiogram  sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase carotid sinus massage slows sinus tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase carotid sinus massage stops paroxysmal atrial tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase stress test electrocardiogram  sinus tachycardia at rest, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase peak stress response electrocardiogram sinus rhythm tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase carotid sinus massage stops atrioventricular nodal reentry tachycardia, then the category is sinus tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase skin pigmentation, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase observation of color of skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase skin color, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase color type point in time skin nominal, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase vitiligo, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase acquired disorder of skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase color of skin or mucosa, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase o e   skin color abnormal, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase change in color of skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase monitor skin color, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase monitor skin color and temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin normal color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase o e skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase skin color good, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase pink skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase grey skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase skin color poor, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase abnormal pigmentation, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase white constitutive skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase sallow constitutive skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase black constitutive skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase disorder of skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase distal peripheral skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase site skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase color of skin patch, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase patient monitoring  skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase unusual darkening of skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase skin color and pigmentation, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase greenish discoloration of skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase yellow orange colored skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase skin color score, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase assessment of skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase lighter skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase human skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase your shade of skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase no change in skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase change in color of skin to metallic gray or blue color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase cyanosis, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase tattooing to correct color defects of skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase pallor of skin, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase o e   skin color over lesion, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase temperature, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase and moistness, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase assess and monitor skin color and temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase generalised erythema, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase pale white constitutive skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase light brown constitutive skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase mid brown constitutive skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase dark brown constitutive skin color, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase changing color of pigmented skin lesion, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase mixed color of pigmented skin lesion, then the category is skin color.
If you hear the phrase skin moisture  physical finding, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase moisture type point in time skin nominal, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase skin moisture measuring instruments, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase skin moisture barrier dressing, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase moisture associated skin damage  masd, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase skin moisture barrier dressing kit, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase moisture barrier skin oint h 7230, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase 75gm, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase rnox apply moisture barrier creams to skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase moisture associated skin damage  masd  find pt  patient ord mdsv3, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase antimicrobial skin friction moisture control fabric, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase instruct patient or family on measures to reduce shearing, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase friction and moisture on patient s skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase monitor color, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase moisture, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and appearance of surrounding skin, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase moisture score for skin ulcer risk assessment using braden scale, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase lotion, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase multi ingredient topical application lotion  neutrogena moisture sensitive skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase barrier skin protectant topical application ointment  step 3 moisture barrier, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase glycerin 12 g in 150 ml topical spray  hyalucollagen moisture skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase remove excessive moisture on the skin resulting from perspiration, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase wound drainage, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase and fecal or urinary incontinence, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase petrolatum 0 604 mg mg topical ointment, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase dimethicone 13 mg ml topical lotion, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase petrolatum 0 603 mg mg topical ointment, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase cream, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase multi ingredient topical application cream  ambi soft   even skin tone enhancing moisture, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase multi ingredient topical application cream  aveeno active naturals skin relief moisture repair, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase well circumscribed peeling of the skin on the extremities and neck  easily elicited by moisture and minor trauma, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase moisture associated skin damage  masd   e g, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase incontinence associated dermatitis  iad, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase perspiration, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase drainage, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase adenosine 0 04 g in 100 ml   ginsenosides 0 05 g in 100 ml topical liquid  herbal iron enriched moisture skin toner, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase octinoxate 75 g in 1000 ml   titanium dioxide 38 g in 1000 ml topical lotion  nu skin moisture restore day protective lotion spf 15 normal to dry skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 20 mg in 1 g   octinoxate 75 mg in 1 g topical cream  laura mercier flawless skin mega moisture creme broad spectrum spf 15 sunscreen for normal dry skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 20 mg in 1 g   octinoxate 75 mg in 1 g topical cream  laura mercier flawless skin moisture creme broad spectrum spf 15 sunscreen for normal combination skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase ensulizole 1 08 ml in 60 ml   octinoxate 4 5 ml in 60 ml topical lotion  loreal paris skin expertise collagen moisture filler daily moisturizer day lotion spf15, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase ensulizole 1 125 ml in 75 ml   octinoxate 5 62 ml in 75 ml topical lotion  garnier nutritioniste skin renew radiance moisture lotion spf 15, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 30 mg in 1 ml   octinoxate 65 mg in 1 ml topical cream  boscia restorative day moisture broad spectrum spf 15 for dry skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase octinoxate 75 mg in 1 ml   octisalate 50 mg in 1 ml   oxybenzone 10 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  moisture therapy intensive healing and repair body, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 30 mg in 1 ml   octisalate 50 mg in 1 ml   octocrylene 70 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  garnier skin renew daily moisture anti sun damage, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase titanium dioxide 1 267 g in 14 g   zinc oxide 0 5488 g in 14 g topical powder  tonymoly timeless carat moisture soft powder pact 21 skin beige, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 20 mg in 1 g   octinoxate 75 mg in 1 g topical cream  laura mercier flawless skin moisture creme broad spectrum spf 15 sunscreen for normal combination skin flawless skin mega moisturizer spf 15 normal combination, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase homosalate 5 0 ml in 100 ml   octinoxate 5 ml in 100 ml   avobenzone 3 ml in 100 ml topical lotion  all you need continuous action 24 hour moisture spf 15 for normal skin, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 30 mg in 1 ml   homosalate 120 mg in 1 ml   octisalate 50 mg in 1 ml   octocrylene 17 mg in 1 ml   oxybenzone 30 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  neutrogena visibly even daily moisturizer sunscreen broad spectrum spf30, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 30 mg in 1 ml   homosalate 50 mg in 1 ml   octisalate 50 mg in 1 ml   octocrylene 50 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  loreal paris ideal moisture even skin tone moisturizer broad spectrum spf 25 sunscreen, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 30 mg in 1 ml   homosalate 20 mg in 1 ml   octisalate 50 mg in 1 ml   octocrylene 70 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  loreal paris ideal moisture dry skin broad spectrum spf 25 sunscreen, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 30 mg in 1 ml   octisalate 50 mg in 1 ml   octocrylene 50 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  garnier skinactive clearly brighter brightening and smoothing daily moisturizer broad spectrum spf 15 sunscreen, then the category is skin moisture.
If you hear the phrase skin temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature finding point in time skin nominal, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase increased skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase decreased skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase trunk skin temperature increase, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase o e  skin temperature abnormal, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase o e   skin strip temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase monitor skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase finding of temperature of skin, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin normal temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase forehead skin strip temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature find pt skin ord palpation, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase distal peripheral skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase access site skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase increased localized skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase extremity skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin temperature elevation, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin temperature with feet elevated, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin temperature setting, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin temperature setting temp pt infant microenvironment qn, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase body temperature in microenvironment temp pt skin qn, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase perinatal skin and temperature regulation disorders, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase on examination   skin temperature over lesion, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase on examination   skin temperature on lesion normal, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase body temperature states and skin functions, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase biofeedback therapy regulation of skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin temperature with feet in dependent position, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase monitor, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin resistance skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase for insulin reactions, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase skin changes worse in areas of lower skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase sensation, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and condition, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase measurement of temperature using skin strip thermometer, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase elevated skin temperature by 1 2 c, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase biofeedback training in regulation of skin temperature or peripheral blood flow, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase inspect skin for color, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase hydration, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase hair growth, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase texture, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and cracking or fissuring, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase monitor for early signs of septic shock  warm, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase flushed, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase skin  increasing cardiac output and temperature  and declining svr and pap, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase perform a comprehensive appraisal of peripheral circulation  e g, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase check peripheral pulses, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase capillary refill, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase color, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase teach patient to report signs and symptoms of impaired circulation  e g, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase tingling, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase absent peripheral pulse, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase cool skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase utilize methods of measuring skin temperature to determine pressure ulcer risk, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase instruct individual to hydrate the skin daily by brief soaking or bathing in room temperature water, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase followed by application of an emollient, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase instruct individual to avoid exposing skin donor site to extremes in temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase external trauma, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and sunlight, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase monitor circulatory status  bp, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase heart sounds, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase heart rate and rhythm, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase presence and quality of peripheral pulses, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and capillary refill, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs of malignant hyperthermia  e g, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase hypercarbia, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase rise in temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase mottled skin, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase rigidity, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase profuse sweating, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and unstable blood pressure, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase regularly evaluate individual s report of relaxation achieved  and periodically monitor muscle tension, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase and skin temperature, then the category is skin temperature.
If you hear the phrase snake bites, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase reported bite by snake  history, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase snake bite  morphologic abnormality, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase snake bite kit, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase venomous snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase nonvenomous snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase myopathy due to snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase poisoning due to sea snake venom, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase poisoning due to bite of unidentified snake, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase bite of unidentified snake with coagulopathy, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase kit, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase suction, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase chemical snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase snake bite   wound, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase bite wound snake venomous, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase snake bite allergen, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase snake bite venom, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase sea snake  bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase venomous  bite or sting, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase snake, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase sting or bite  poisoning, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase snake or lizard bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase coral snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase black mamba snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase poisoning due to cobra family snake venom, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase bite of unidentified snake with toxic shock, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase bite of unidentified snake with neurological signs, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase bite of venomous snake, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase without envenomation, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase bite or sting  poisoning, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase sea snake, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase bite of unidentified snake with local tissue damage, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase nonvenomous snake bite wound of lower extremity, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase cleanse and remove secretions from the area around a nonpoisonous snake bite, then the category is snake bite.
If you hear the phrase special care area  e g, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase icu, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase ccu, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase nicu, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase hospital admission, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase from remote area, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase by means of special transportation, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase hospitalization transf from remote area by means of special transportation, then the category is special area.
If you hear the phrase spider bites, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase venomous spider bite, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase black widow spider bite, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase brown recluse spider bite, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase spider antivenin, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase sting bite by spider, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase allergy to insect bite spider, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase spider bite wound, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase poisonous spider bite, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase infected spider bite, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase bite  poisoning, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase arthropod, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase spider, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase bite of nonvenomous spider, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase arachnidism, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase bite wound spider black widow, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase bite wound spider brown recluse, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase poisoning due to black widow spider venom, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase poisoning due to brown recluse spider venom, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase toxic effect of bite of venomous spider, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase nos, then the category is spider bite.
If you hear the phrase vertebral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal diseases, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase dorsal funiculus, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord lateral horn, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase lateral funiculus, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord anterior gray column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase acephalorhachia, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase malignant neoplasm of vertebral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal column stenosis, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase total spinal column myelography, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase entire vertebral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase vein of spinal column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase entire cervical spinal column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase vertebral chordoma, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase intermediomedial cell column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase intermediolateral nucleus, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase set of funiculi of spinal cord, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal column injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase hemangioma of vertebral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal column knives, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal column fractures, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase entire vein of spinal column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase ventral funiculus, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase structure of posterior gray horn of spinal cord, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase cervical spinal cord, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase posterior column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase structure of cervical spinal cord lateral horn, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase structure of cervical spinal cord ventral horn, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase thoracic spinal cord posterior column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase structure of thoracic spinal cord lateral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase structure of thoracic spinal cord ventral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase lumbosacral spinal cord posterior horn, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase structure of lumbosacral spinal cord lateral horn, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase lumbosacral spinal cord posterior column structure, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase lumbosacral spinal cord lateral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase lumbosacral spinal cord ventral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord white matter column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase sacral autonomic nuclei, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase thoracolumbar autonomic nuclei, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase abnormality of the dorsal column of the spinal cord, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal nerve nucleus of dorsal column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal nerve nucleus of ventral column, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase structure of vertebral column and or spinal cord, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase entire vertebral column and spinal cord, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase structure of accessory nerve nucleus, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase closed fracture of vertebral column with spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase open fracture of vertebral column with spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase fracture of vertebral column with spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal column.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of nerve and spinal cord, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury rehabilitation, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord decompression injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord contusion, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord laceration, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord transection injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of spinal cord vasculature, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord rupture, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase lumbosacral spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase cervical spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of thoracic spinal cord, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury sacral, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury to spinal cord secondary to birth trauma, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase acute spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord concussion, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase sequelae of injury of spinal cord, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury  brain, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase with spinal cord, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury  spinal cord, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase plexus, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase syndrome  spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury medicine   physicians, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase partial spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase complete spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase multiple spinal cord injuries, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase history of spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of lumbar spinal cord, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury medicine team, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury medicine nurse, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury medicine interdisciplinary, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury medicine, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase incomplete spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord injury without spinal bone injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase late effect of spinal cord injury, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase injury, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase conus medullaris, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of spinal nerve root, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spine or spinal cord injury due to birth trauma, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase contusion of cervical cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase contusion of sacral cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase laceration of cervical cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase laceration of thoracic cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase laceration of sacral cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase transection of cervical cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase transection of thoracic cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase transection of lumbar cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase transection of sacral cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase traumatic spinal cord hemorrhage, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase other injury of lumbar spinal cord, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of spinal cord and nerve root, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase cervical spinal cord injury trauma, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of spinal cord at c1 level, then the category is spinal cord injury.
If you hear the phrase general spinal immobilization clearance, then the category is spinal immobilization.
If you hear the phrase immobilization of fracture dislocation of spine with spinal cord involvement, then the category is spinal immobilization.
If you hear the phrase closed reduction of fracture dislocation of spine with spinal cord involvement, then the category is spinal immobilization.
If you hear the phrase with immobilization, then the category is spinal immobilization.
If you hear the phrase accessory nerve injuries, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase intervertebral disc injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury  plexus, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of cervical spine, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of anterior spinal artery, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury  nerve, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal paralysis due to birth injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase spinal injury related to birth, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase multiple spinal cord injuries without spinal bone injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase lumbar cord injury without spinal bone injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase sacral spinal cord injury without bone injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury of cervical spinal cord without bone injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase thoracic cord injury without spinal bone injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase cauda equina injury without spinal bone injury, then the category is spinal injury.
If you hear the phrase stable status, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase factor vii, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase factor vii deficiency, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable population, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable fly, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase keratoconus, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable condition, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable  diabetes, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable isotope, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase molecular stability, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable angina, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase weight steady, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable income, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase mood stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable fracture, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase joint stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase neck stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase meniscus stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase hemodynamically stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable disease, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase anemia stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase asthma stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase claudication stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase ms stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase expected to be stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable hematocrit, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase factor vii measurement, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable gait, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable chronic graft vs host disease, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase emotionally stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase microsatellite stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase non insulin dependent, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase leukemia, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase myeloid, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase chronic phase, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable population method, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase antigens, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase cd24, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase enterotoxin receptor, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase heat stable enterotoxin  yersinia, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase stable plasma protein solution, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase urinastatin, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase heat stable enterotoxin ii, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase plasma factor vii level assay, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase catalase test, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase heat stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase heat stable enterotoxin i, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase membrane invagination, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase fixed or stable, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase acquired factor vii deficiency disease, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase chronic necrotic pododermatitis, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase cutter premise and stable spray, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase permectrin horse and stable spray, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase heat stable bacterial toxin, then the category is stable.
If you hear the phrase st segment elevation myocardial infarction, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase non stemi, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase non st elevation myocardial infarction by ecg finding, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase yes, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase stemi, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase non stemi posterior ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase non stemi lateral ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase non stemi inferior ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase non stemi anterior ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase stemi posterior ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase stemi lateral ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase stemi inferior ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase stemi anterior ischemia, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of anterolateral wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of inferolateral wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of inferoposterior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction of anterior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction of inferior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction of other sites, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction of unspecified site, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase subsequent st segment elevation myocardial infarction, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase medical st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of other anterior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of other inferior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of other lateral wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of true posterior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation myocardial infarction  stemi  of other specified sites, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  and non st elevation  nstemi  myocardial infarction, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving left main coronary artery, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving diagonal coronary artery, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving right coronary artery, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving oblique marginal coronary artery, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving left circumflex coronary artery, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving other sites, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase subsequent st elevation  stemi  and non st elevation  nstemi  myocardial infarction, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase subsequent st segment elevation myocardial infarction of anterior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase subsequent st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction of other sites, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase subsequent st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction of unspecified site, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase immediate percutaneous coronary intervention for st elevation myocardial infarction, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase subsequent st segment elevation myocardial infarction of inferior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving left anterior descending coronary artery, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving other coronary artery of anterior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase st elevation  stemi  myocardial infarction involving other coronary artery of inferior wall, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase percutaneous coronary intervention for st elevation myocardial infarction stable over 12 hours from symptom onset, then the category is stemi.
If you hear the phrase stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase inspiratory stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase laryngismus, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase inspiratory wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase expiratory wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing stridor, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase expiratory stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase intermittent stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase biphasic stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase congenital, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase combined stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase fixed stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase stridor right, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase stridor left, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase laryngomalacia, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase congenital laryngeal stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase factitious asthma, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase o e   stridor present, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase breath sound stridor inspiratory, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase inspiratory stridor in early life, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase respiratory stridor in infancy, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase inspiratory stridor  severe form, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase laryngeal stridor  in some patients, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase progressive inspiratory stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase neonatal inspiratory stridor, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase monitor for dyspnea, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase hyperventilation, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase retractions, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase sneezing, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase chest pain or tightness, then the category is stridor.
If you hear the phrase sudden cardiac arrest, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase phenx   sudden cardiac arrest protocol   point in time  patient   phenx, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase encounter due to personal history of sudden cardiac arrest, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase sudden cardiac arrest successfully resuscitated, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase phenx measure   sudden cardiac arrest, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase phenx   sudden cardiac arrest protocol, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase risk of sudden death in childhood due to cardiac arrest, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase phenx measure   sudden cardiac arrest   point in time  patient   phenx, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase cardiac arrest and sudden death may occur, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase even in early childhood, then the category is sudden cardiac arrest.
If you hear the phrase first degree burn, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of wrist, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of hand, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of thumb, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of finger, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of neck, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of cheek, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of forehead, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of scalp, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of nose, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of chin, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of lip s, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of ear, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of trunk, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of genitalia, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of buttock, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of abdominal wall, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of chest wall, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of breast, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of scapular region, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of shoulder, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of axilla, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of upper arm, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of elbow, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of forearm, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of wrist and hand, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of back of hand, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of palm, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of a single finger, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of lower limb, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of thigh, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of knee, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of lower leg, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of ankle, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of foot, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of the eye, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase friction burn, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of toe, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of great toe, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn erythema of back, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial chemical burn, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of eye region with epidermal burn of face, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase burn of eye region with epidermal burn of head and or neck, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of face, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase head or neck, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of multiple sites of trunk, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of back  excluding buttock, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase superficial burn of the thumb and finger s, then the category is superficial burn.
If you hear the phrase swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling absent, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase wandering swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase abdomen distended, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase cerebral edema, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swelling of breast, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase mitochondrial swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase retinitis, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase facial swelling  finding, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase joint swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of limb, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase edema of eyelid, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase synovial swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase bursal swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase structure of maxillary process of embryo, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase structure of lateral nasal process, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase structure of medial nasal process, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase premenstrual swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase inflammatory swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase dental swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase ankle edema  finding, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase mucous membrane swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase edema of pharynx, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase tongue swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of adenoids, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swollen calf, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase cervical swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swelling of cheek, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase epiphyseal swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swelling of finger, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase heel swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase hip swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase instep swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swollen knee region, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase knuckle swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase lip swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase mandibular swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swelling over mastoid, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase mouth swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swollen nasopharynx, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of nipple, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swollen nose, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase ovarian swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase palmar swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase perineal swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of shoulder, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase swelling of subcutaneous tissue, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase submaxillary swelling, then the category is swelling.
If you hear the phrase testicular mass, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase pharyngitis, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase wrist swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of structure of eye, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of scrotum, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase sensation of swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase orbital swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase distention of artery, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase toe swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of inguinal region, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase lymphadenopathy, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swollen pinna, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase large tonsils  finding, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase lymphadenopathy absent, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase joint not swollen, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase congestion of throat, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of eyelid, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of labia, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase edema of foot  finding, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of hands  finding, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swollen prostate, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase epididymal swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of arm, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of lower limb, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swollen elbows, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swollen thumb, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase swelling of head, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase phalanx swollen, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase utricularia inflata, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase penile swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase pharyngeal swelling, then the category is swollen.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase secondary parkinson disease, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase porphyria cutanea tarda, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase megacolon, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic chloasma, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic exhibitionism, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic fetishism, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic pedophilia, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic nystagmus, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic myoclonus, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase mammogram   symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase neurosyphilis, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase anemia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase arrhythmia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase gout symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase hypocalcemia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase hypoglycemia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase leiomyoma symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic menopause, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase uremia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic hyperlactatemia, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic  myotonia, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic  psychosis, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic epilepsy, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase lymphocytosis  symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase monocytosis  symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic relief, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic seizures, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic deterioration, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic bleeding, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase diverticular disease of colon, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase nutcracker esophagus, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase early symptomatic syphilis, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase late symptomatic syphilis, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic torsion dystonia, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic homosexual state, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase parkinsonism, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase secondary or symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase purpura, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase thrombocytopenic, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic sexual masochism, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic sexual sadism, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic generalized epilepsy, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase early myoclonic encephalopathy, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase primary symptomatic early syphilis, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase secondary symptomatic early syphilis, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase symptomatic myoclonic epilepsy, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase diverticular disease of large intestine, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase early congenital syphilis with symptoms, then the category is symptomatic.
If you hear the phrase supraventricular tachycardia symptomatic, then the category is symptomatic tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia symptomatic, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase symptoms aspect, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase asymptomatic, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase affective symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase behavioral symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase constitutional symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase delusions, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase eructation, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase fear  mental process, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase palliative care, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase signs and symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase respiratory, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase snoring, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase sweating, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase tinnitus, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase depressive symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase withdrawal symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase general symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase signs and symptoms of ill defined conditions, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase multiple symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase musculoskeletal symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase nose symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase premenstrual symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase psychological symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase psychiatric symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase extrapyramidal sign, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase neurologic symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase menopausal symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase progressive symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase parkinsonian disorders, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase ent symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase visual symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase ear symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase hearing symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase sensory symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase bruising symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase no nervous symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase yellow   symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase blue   symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase vasovagal symptom, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase illness  cannot describe symptoms, then the category is symptoms.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt arterial system qn palpation, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pressure point in time arterial system quantitative, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic expiration pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic inspiration pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic sitting pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic standing pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic supine pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase blood pressure systolic elevation, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase systolic pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase target systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase minimum systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase maximum systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase average systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure on admission, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase standing systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure measurement, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase sitting systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase lying systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure with activity, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase elevated systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure at rest, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure with stress, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase reported systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase change in systolic blood pressure pressure difference point in time  patient quantitative, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase change in systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt arterial system qn invasive, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt arterial system qn noninvasive, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt aorta qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase baseline systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase estimated systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic goal pres pt arterial system qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase non invasive systolic arterial pressure, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase o e   systolic bp reading, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt coronary sinus qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt ductus arteriosus qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt hepatic artery qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt mesenteric artery qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt pulmonary artery qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt splenic artery qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt brachial artery qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt femoral artery qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase intravascular systolic pres pt radial artery qn, then the category is systolic blood pressure.
If you hear the phrase stress test 10th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 11th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 12th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 13th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 14th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 15th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 16th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 17th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 18th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 19th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 20th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 21st interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 22nd interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 23rd interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 24th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 25th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 26th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 27th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 28th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 29th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 30th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 4th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 5th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 6th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 7th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 8th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 9th interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 1st interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test resting systolic bp, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 2nd interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase stress test 3rd interval systolic blood pressure, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure at end of expiration, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure at end of inspiration, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure elevation only  diastolic less than 90, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure in left arm, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure in left leg, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure orthostatic decrease, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure in right arm, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase reported systolic blood pressure above 160, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure arm leg discrepancy, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase systolic blood pressure at rest left arm, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase right arm systolic blood pressure at rest, then the category is systolic bp.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ectopic junctional, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase supraventricular tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase idiojunctional tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase exertional, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase reciprocating, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase sinoatrial node tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase atrioventricular tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase irregular tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase fetal tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase av junctional  nodal  tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase baseline tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia aggravated, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia rest, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia with ectopy, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase supraventicular tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia nervous, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase neonatal tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase reflex tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase incisional tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase obsolete tachycardia  with pheochromocytoma, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase rebound tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase supraventricular tachycardia adverse event, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia adverse event, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase tachycardia by auscultation, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase continuous electrocardiogram atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase continuous electrocardiogram ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase fascicular tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase bidirectional tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase junctional tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase supraventricular tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase orthostatic tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase medical tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase atrial tachycardia or paroxysmal atrial tachycardia adverse event, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 atrial tachycardia or paroxysmal atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 atrial tachycardia or paroxysmal atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 atrial tachycardia or paroxysmal atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 atrial tachycardia or paroxysmal atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 atrial tachycardia or paroxysmal atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase paroxysmal atrial tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, then the category is tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase speech, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase talc, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase speaking  activity, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase does talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase psychotherapy, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase pneumoconiosis due to talc, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase speech delay, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase unable to talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase talc peritonitis, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase talk to patient, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase sleep talking, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase ability to talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase able to talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase does not talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase self talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase kcnk16 gene, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase kcnk17 gene, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase talc granuloma, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase cross talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase talk more, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase monitor ability to swallow and talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase sing and talk to child, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase sit and talk with patient, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase parent s  talk to infant, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase uses positive self talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase ability to talk about problems, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase does not talk about problem, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase ability to use speech appropriately, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase able to use speech appropriately, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase unable to use speech appropriately, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase does use speech appropriately, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase does not use speech appropriately, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase ability to talk while playing, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase able to talk while playing, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase unable to talk while playing, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase does talk while playing, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase does not talk while playing, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase receptor cross talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase finding related to ability to talk, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase talc  granuloma, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase in operation wound, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase prodigy autocode talking meter, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase prodigy voice talk meter, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase prodigy autocode talk nfrs, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase i am breathless when i talk find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase when your child was 2ys old, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase were you concerned that they were having difficulty learning to talk find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase teachers are available when i need to talk with them find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase it is easy to talk with teachers find pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase it is easy to talk with teachers, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase npi   talk to people who are not there, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase npi   talk big or claim to have more abilities or wealth than is true, then the category is talk.
If you hear the phrase tenocyclidine, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 2, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 4, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 6 trichlorophenol, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase spink1 wt allele, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tropical calcific pancreatitis, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 1, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 1 trichloroacetone, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase n 2 cyanoethyltranylcypromine, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp  antiseptic, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase beta tricalcium phosphate, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 3 tetrachloropropane, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase hydroxyapatite tricalciumphosphate composite, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase ni tcp, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase n acetyl tranylcypromine, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp receptor, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 3, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 4 trichlorophenol, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp binding, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 5 trichlorophenol, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase chaperonin cct, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase alpha subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase beta tricalcium phosphate monocalcium phosphate monohydrate calcium sulfate hemihydrate mixture, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 6 trichlorophenol monooxygenase, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp10 protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp11 protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp3 protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp7 protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 5 trichlorophenol mcnc pt air qn, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase 6 trichlorophenol mcnc pt air qn, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase pgk2 protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp sore throat, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase iron meso tetra 4 carboxyphenyl porphine chloride, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase chaperonin containing tcp 1, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tranylcypromine fa4, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase dehalobacter sp  ad14 tcp, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp 353 peptide, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase disruptive behavior disorder, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase ortho trichlorophenol reductive dehalogenase activity, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase tcp 80 kda protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase delta subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase glycine  glutamate  thienylcyclohexylpiperidine binding protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase cct 1 protein, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase c elegans, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase cct gamma subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase zeta1 subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase zeta2 subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase theta subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase beta subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase epsilon subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase eta subunit, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase sodium fluoride 0 011 mg mg toothpaste  neutramaxx, then the category is tcp.
If you hear the phrase body temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase body temperature measurement, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase physiologic thermoregulation, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase cold temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase organ temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase thermosensing, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase thermography, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase thermoreceptors, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase controllers, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature monitors, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature taking, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature normal, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature decrease, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase swinging fever, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase thermoregulation measures, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature discrimination, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase hallucinations of temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature symptoms, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase no temperature symptom, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase spiking temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase joint temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase test temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase ambient temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase equipment temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature of medium, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase unit of temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase degrees celsius, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase controlled temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature change, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase food temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature categories, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature ranges, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase breast temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase body temperature temperature point in time  patient quantitative, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase body temperature temp pt axillary qn, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase body temperature temperature point in time mouth quantitative, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase body temperature temperature point in time rectum quantitative, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase rectal temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase regulator, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase observation of ambient temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase monitoring temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature charts finding    patient document, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase temperature charts, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase freezing temperature, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase high temperature of physical object, then the category is temperature.
If you hear the phrase emotional tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase scalp tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase liver tender, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase abdominal tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase pain and tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase renal angle tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase adnexal tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase back tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase bone tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase bursal tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase calf tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase cervical tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase chest wall tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase ear tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase epididymal tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tenderness in limb, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tenderness eye, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tenderness on palpation of eyelid, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase facial tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase fingertip tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase forehead tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase genital tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase heel tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase hip tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase joint tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tenderness on palpation of mandible, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tender mastoid, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase muscle tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tenderness of neck, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase nipple tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase nose tender, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase pharyngeal tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase prostate tender, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase rectal tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase shoulder tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase skin tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase spleen tender, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tender sternum on palpation, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase synovial tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase breast tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tenderness absent, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase o e   tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase vulva tender, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase vaginal tenderness, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase tender body of uterus, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase cervix tender, then the category is tenderness.
If you hear the phrase gestation category code   full term, then the category is term gestation.
If you hear the phrase mother and fetus will remain healthy throughout the term of gestation, then the category is term gestation.
If you hear the phrase thermal injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase no thermal injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal burn of eyelid, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal injury to conjunctiva, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal and radiation injury to the cornea, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase newborn thermal injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal and irradiation injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal injury of peripheral nerve, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal injury of cranial nerve, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal injury vasculitis, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal injury in newborn nec, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase preventing thermal injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury burns thermal, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase risk for thermal injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase at risk for perioperative thermal injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase suppressor active peptide  thermal injury, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase gingival disease due to thermal injury, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase implementation of protective measures to prevent skin or tissue injury due to thermal sources, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury due to war operations by thermal radiation effect of nuclear weapon, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase thermal radiation burns from nuclear weapons during war operations, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase war injury due to thermal radiation effects from nuclear weapons, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase patient is free from signs and symptoms of injury related to thermal sources, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase injury due to thermal radiation effect of nuclear weapons during military operations, then the category is thermal injury.
If you hear the phrase generalized clonic or tonic clonic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic epilepsy, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic   clonic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase cryptogenic tonic clonic epilepsy, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase status  epilepticus, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic movements, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase status  epileptic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase photosensitive tonic clonic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic seizure, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase refractory, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase focal, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic  rare, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase seizures  tonic clonic or nonfebrile, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase atypical absence, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase atonic tonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase or tonic clonic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase seizure disorder generalized tonic clonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures with focal onset, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures on awakening, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures in 50, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic epilepsy with intractable epilepsy, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase nonspecific tonic clonic epileptic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic  1 patient, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase non refractory, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic seizures  less common, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures  rare, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures without focal onset, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures  often develop in adolescence, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures  gtcs  on awakening, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures  stage 2 and 3, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase secondary generalized tonic clonic seizures may occur, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic or absence  in some patients, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase intractable childhood, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase with generalized tonic clonic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase grand mal status epilepticus, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures  gtcs   in most patients, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized convulsive epilepsy, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic seizures  gtcs, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase infrequent, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase tonic clonic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase infrequent  in one patient, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic  in some patients, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase complex partial seizure evolving to generalized seizure, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase simple partial seizure evolving to secondary generalized seizure, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase follow protocol for management of the patient with generalized tonic clonic seizures, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase secondary generalized tonic clonic seizures  in 1 of 2 patients, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase simple partial seizure evolving to complex partial seizure evolving to generalized seizure, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase generalized tonic clonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase myoclonic, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase or atypical absence, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase aggravated by fatigue and fasting with frequency ranges from daily to monthly  in some patients, then the category is tonic clonic.
If you hear the phrase torsades de points, then the category is torsades de points.
If you hear the phrase pasi score  total body surface area affected, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase total body clearance by fraction of dose for dose interval normalized by surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase total body clearance for dose interval normalized by surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase anesthesia for second  and third degree burn excision or debridement with or without skin grafting, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase any site, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase for total body surface area  tbsa  treated during anesthesia and surgery  less than 4  total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase for total body surface area  tbsa  treated during anesthesia and surgery  between 4  and 9  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase dressings and or debridement of partial thickness burns, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial or subsequent  small  less than 5  total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase excision or debridement with anesthesia for second and third degree burn less than 1  total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase excision or debridement with anesthesia for second and third degree burn 4  9  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase anesthesia for treatment of second and third degree burn, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase between 4  and 9  total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial debridement and dressing of partial thickness burn of less than 5  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial debridement of partial thickness burn of less than 5  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial dressing of partial thickness burn of less than 5  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent debridement and dressing of partial thickness burn of less than 5  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent debridement of partial thickness burn of less than 5  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent dressing of partial thickness burn of less than 5  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial debridement and dressing of partial thickness burn of 5  to 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial debridement of partial thickness burn of 5  to 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial dressing of partial thickness burn of 5  to 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent debridement and dressing of partial thickness burn of 5  to 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent debridement of partial thickness burn of 5  to 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent dressing of partial thickness burn of 5  to 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial debridement and dressing of partial thickness burn of greater than 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial debridement partial thickness burn of greater than 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial dressing of partial thickness burn of greater than 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent debridement and dressing of partial thickness burn of greater than 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent debridement partial thickness burn of greater than 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase subsequent dressing of partial thickness burn of greater than 10  of total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase for total body surface area  tbsa  treated during anesthesia and surgery  each additional 9  total body surface area or part thereof  list separately in addition to code for primary procedure, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial or subsequent  medium  eg, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase whole face or whole extremity, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase or 5  to 10  total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase initial or subsequent  large  eg, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase more than 1 extremity, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase or greater than 10  total body surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase application of skin substitute graft to trunk, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase arms, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase legs, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase total wound surface area greater than or equal to 100 sq cm  first 100 sq cm wound surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase or 1  of body area of infants and children, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase application of skin substitute graft to face, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase scalp, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase eyelids, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase mouth, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase ears, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase orbits, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase genitalia, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase hands, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase feet, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase and or multiple digits, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase application of low cost skin substitute graft to face, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase application of low cost skin substitute graft to trunk, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase for total body surface area  tbsa  treated during anesthesia and surgery, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase total wound surface area greater than or equal to 100 sq cm  each additional 100 sq cm wound surface area, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase or part thereof, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase or each additional 1  of body area of infants and children, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase or part thereof  list separately in addition to code for primary procedure, then the category is total body surface area.
If you hear the phrase toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase diagnostic service section id   toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase psychopharmacology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase blood toxicology test, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase ecotoxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase microscopic examination of specimen from endocrine gland, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase not elsewhere classified, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase vomit toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology screen, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase general  procedure, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase bacterial toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase microorganism toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase pharmacology and toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology studies, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology laboratory analyses, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase embryo toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase fetus toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology panels, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase molecular toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase analytical toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase genetic toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase neuropharmacology and toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase pesticide toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase biologicals, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase other, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase blood toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase plant toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase forensic toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology reagents, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology finding, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology  carcinogenicity, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology  genotoxicity, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase cadmium  toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase pulmonary toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase veterinary toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase experimental, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase radiography in toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase pediatric toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase mercury  toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase industrial toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase drugs  toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase arsenic  toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxicology service, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase medical toxicology, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase microscopic examination of specimen from eye, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase microscopic examination of peritoneal and retroperitoneal specimen, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase reagents, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase calibration, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase quality control, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase immunoassay, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase sedatives, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase specific drug and toxicology tests, then the category is toxicology.
If you hear the phrase toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase toxin  disposition, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase is toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase anthrax toxin lethal toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase bacterial toxins, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase botulinum toxin type a, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase botulinum toxins, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase cholera toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase diphtheria toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase exfoliatin toxin a, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase pertussis toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase marine toxins, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase mycotoxins, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase phospholipase c, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase phytotoxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase ricin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase saxitoxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase snake venoms, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase t 2 toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase tetanus toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase tetrodotoxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase staphylococcus toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase zearalenone, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase cyanobacterial toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase anthrax toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase brevetoxin t17, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase bufotoxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase centruroides toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase adenylate cyclase toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase erythrogenic toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase goniopora toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase hc toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase juglone, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase mojave toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase parasicyonis toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase pr toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase salmonella toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase scombrotoxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase scorpion toxin i, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase sea nettle toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase shiga toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase snake venom neurotoxin f, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase streptococcal polysaccharide type iii group b, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase t34 toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase toxin a  pseudomonas, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase toxin f7, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase toxin v, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase toxin vii, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase tullidora toxin, then the category is toxin.
If you hear the phrase wounds and injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase trauma assessment and care, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase trauma qualifier, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase traumatic injury, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase trauma, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase nursing specialty, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase arm injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase dysbarism, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase birth injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase combat disorders, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase eye injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase noise induced hearing loss, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase heart injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase knee injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase multiple trauma, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase radiation injury, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase tendon injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase thoracic injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase trauma centers, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase trauma units, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of vagina, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase whiplash injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase gunshot wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase nonpenetrating wounds, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase traumatic spondylopathy, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of liver, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase emotional trauma, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of ribs, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase splenic trauma, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase traumatic lesion during delivery, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase brain injuries, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of nose, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of buttock, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of pancreas, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase recent injury, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase old injury, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of cornea, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of larynx, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of orbit, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase vestibular trauma, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase cochlear trauma, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase joint injury, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase injury of rectum, then the category is trauma.
If you hear the phrase accidental overdose of tricyclic antidepressant, then the category is tricyclic antidepressant overdose.
If you hear the phrase overdose of tricyclic antidepressant, then the category is tricyclic antidepressant overdose.
If you hear the phrase intentional overdose of tricyclic antidepressant, then the category is tricyclic antidepressant overdose.
If you hear the phrase tricyclic antidepressant overdose of undetermined intent, then the category is tricyclic antidepressant overdose.
If you hear the phrase self inflicted overdose of tricyclic antidepressant, then the category is tricyclic antidepressant overdose.
If you hear the phrase unconscious personality factor, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase unconscious partial, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase unconscious fantasy, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase knocked out, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase collective unconscious, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase o e   unconscious comatose, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase care of unconscious patient, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase have you ever been knocked unconscious, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase in a traffic accident, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase contact sport, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase a fight or after a fall hx pt  patient ord phenx, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase hindlimb unconscious proprioception deficit, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase forelimb unconscious proprioception deficit, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase unconscious fainting near fainting, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase special nursing care of unconscious patient, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase history unobtainable due to patient being unconscious, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase nursing care  medications document patient unconscious, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase unconscious about 1 5 minutes after fainting, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase unconscious for 15 seconds or less after fainting, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase position the unconscious patient on his her side on the stretcher with side rails raised, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase a fight or after a fall, then the category is unconscious.
If you hear the phrase hypoglycaemic unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase hyperglycaemic unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase periods of unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase unconsciousness  attack, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase hysterical, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase reported head trauma with brief    1 hours  loss of consciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion without open intracranial wound and with loss of consciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebral contusion with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase laceration of cerebrum with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase fracture of skull with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar hemorrhage with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem hemorrhage with loss of consciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem contusion with loss of consciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem laceration with loss of consciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase laceration of cerebellum with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion without open intracranial wound and with brief loss of consciousness  less than one hour, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar contusion without open intracranial wound and with moderate loss of consciousness  1 24 hours, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar laceration without open intracranial wound and with brief loss of consciousness  less than one hour, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar laceration without open intracranial wound and with moderate loss of consciousness  1 24 hours, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebral contusion with brief    1 hr  loss of consciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebral contusion with moderate  1 24 hrs  loss of consciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase laceration of cerebrum with brief    1 hr  loss of consciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase laceration of cerebrum with moderate  1 24 hrs  loss of consciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase gunshot wound of brain with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase head injury with dementia with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase head injury with extradural hemorrhage with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase head injury with intracranial hemorrhage with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase head injury with subarachnoid hemorrhage with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase head injury with subdural hemorrhage with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase multiple closed fractures of skull with loss of consciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase closed fracture of base of skull with loss of consciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase fracture of middle cranial fossa with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase closed fracture of skull with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase open fracture of skull with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase unspecified intracranial injury with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase open fracture of base of skull with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase multiple open skull fractures with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase shrapnel wound of brain with unconsciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar hemorrhage with brief  under 1 hr  unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase cerebellar hemorrhage with moderate  1 24 hrs  unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem hemorrhage with brief  under 1 hr  unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem hemorrhage with moderate  1 24 hrs  unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem contusion with brief  under 1 hr  unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem contusion with moderate  1 24 hrs  unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase brainstem laceration with brief  under 1 hr  unconsciousness, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase closed fracture of vault of skull with cerebral laceration and contusion, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase with loss of consciousness of unspecified duration, then the category is unconsciousness.
If you hear the phrase environmental air flow, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase assisted breathing, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase function  observable entity, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase high frequency ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase maximal voluntary ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase middle ear ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase air conditioner and humidifier lung, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation apnea, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase bedside intraoperative, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilator alarm, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase mechanical ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase active ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase passive ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase distribution of ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase unequal ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation systems, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation tests, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase respiratory assist, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase airway pressure release ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase controlled ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase assisted controlled mandatory ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase liquid ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase fluorocarbon ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase domiciliary ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase isocapnic ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation status, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase natural ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase one lung ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase cuirasse ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation mode type pt ventilator nom, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation mode, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase continuous negative pressure ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase tympanic ventilation tube, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation difficult, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation finding, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase held ventilation physiologic challenge  procedure, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase minute ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation tube, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase maximum breathing capacity function, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase multisection ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase views ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase noninvasive ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase telemetry ventilation, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase ventilation hoods, then the category is ventilation.
If you hear the phrase auscultate to ensure adequate ventilation, then the category is ventilation adequate.
If you hear the phrase patient monitoring  adequate ventilation, then the category is ventilation adequate.
If you hear the phrase nursing goals respiratory obtain adequate ventilation, then the category is ventilation adequate.
If you hear the phrase position to facilitate adequate ventilation  e g, then the category is ventilation adequate.
If you hear the phrase open airway and elevate head of bed, then the category is ventilation adequate.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia ventricular fibrillation arrest, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase torsades de pointes, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase accelerated idioventricular rhythm, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia with normal heart, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase familial ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase induced ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase incessant infant ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia asymptomatic, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia exercise induced, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase non sustained ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase pulseless ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase sustained ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase helicoidal ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase fascicular ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase catecholaminergic polymorphic, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase 1  disorder, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase recurrent ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase recurrent sustained ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase episodes of ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase cardiomyopathy, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase dilated, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase 1o, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ecg  paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase history of sustained ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase adenosine sensitive ventricular tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia storm by ecg finding, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase verapamil sensitive ventricular tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase incessant ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase nonsustained ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase spontaneous sustained ventricular tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase syncope with inducible ventricular tachycardia by ecg finding, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase ventricular tachycardia  in some patients, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase congenital ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase nonsustained paroxysmal ventricular tachycardia, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase sustained or nonsustained, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase medical ventricular tachycardia  with pulse, then the category is ventricular tachycardia.
If you hear the phrase vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs monitors  device, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase fetal vital sign, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase normal vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase abnormal vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital sign alteration, then the category is vital sign.
If you hear the phrase vital signs measurements, then the category is vital sign.
If you hear the phrase hunger vital sign, then the category is vital sign.
If you hear the phrase hunger vital sign   pt  patient   hvs, then the category is vital sign.
If you hear the phrase cdisc sdtm unit for vital sign result terminology, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase cdisc sdtm vital sign terminology by code, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase cdisc sdtm vital sign terminology by name, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase pain level expressed by vital sign changes, then the category is vital sign.
If you hear the phrase post operative teaching about vital sign monitoring devices, then the category is vital sign.
If you hear the phrase taking vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs finding point in time  patient narrative observed, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs domain, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase taking neurologic vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase absence of vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase monitor maternal vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase monitor vital signs frequently, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase monitor vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase take maternal vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs completion status, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase protocols  vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase pep s  vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase monitor patient s vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs measurments finding point in time  patient multi, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs finding, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs order set, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs panel   point in time  patient, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase taking patient vitals signs education, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase taking patient vital signs management, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs monitor   location equipment, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase units for vital signs results, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs  temperature, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase and blood pressure  documented and reviewed  cap   em, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase taking orthostatic vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs measurements find pt  fetus doc, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase telemetry vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase preventive medicine physical exam vital signs recorded, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase current vital signs reviewed, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase unstable vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase duration of review of prior vital signs, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs care panel   point in time  patient, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase cdisc cdash vital signs position of subject terminology, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase monitoring of blood pressure, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase pulse rate and respiratory rate, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase taking patient vital signs assessment, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs clinical significance, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs date, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs location, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs original result, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs position, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs time, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs time point, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase vital signs baseline flag, then the category is vital signs.
If you hear the phrase hypovolemia, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase volume depletion, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase extrarenal loss, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase gastrointestinal loss, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase aids with volume depletion, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase volume depletion of extracellular fluid, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase intravascular depletion, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase volume depletion recurrent, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase severe volume depletion, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase hypotension due to volume depletion, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase volume depletion intravascular inducing shock, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase transplant preparation of progenitor cells plasma volume depletion, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase extracellular volume depletion  rare, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase in severe cases only, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase renal, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase due to effector loss  hormonal deficit, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase due to output loss  renal deficit, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase assess for intravascular volume depletion  central venous pressures, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase hemoconcentration, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase transplant preparation of hematopoietic progenitor cells  plasma  volume  depletion, then the category is volume depletion.
If you hear the phrase vomiting adverse event, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase have been vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase how much distress vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase bothered by vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase usual severity vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase how often vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomit containing blood at beginning of vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase epidemic vomiting syndrome, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase hematemesis, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase anticipatory, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase cyclical vomiting syndrome  disorder, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase persistent vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase projectile vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase acute vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase chronic vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting bile, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase concealed vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase psychogenic vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase feculent vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase habit vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting of pregnancy, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting in newborn, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase erotic vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting   infective, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase intermittent vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase effortless vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase c o   vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase induction of emesis, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase postoperative, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase black vomit finding, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting food, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomit contains blood, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting alone, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase intractable vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting management, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting aggravated, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting reflex, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting of medication, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase acetonaemic vomiting, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase postprandial emesis, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting complicating pregnancy, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting  epidemic, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting  nervous, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase vomiting  neurotic, then the category is vomiting.
If you hear the phrase warm skin, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase generalized warmth of skin, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase warm skin lesions, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase skin warm to touch, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase o e   skin over lesion warm, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase skin lesion after warm bath, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase warm skin with feet in dependent position, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase skin overlying vein erythematous and warm, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase feeding tube surrounding skin warm, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase skin warm over transplanted kidney, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase peritoneal dialysis catheter surrounding skin warm, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase warm or cool all irrigating, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase iv, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase and skin preparation solutions, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs of phlebitis  e g, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase redness, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase octinoxate 60 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  skin caviar foundation sunscreen spf 15   warm beige, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase octinoxate 60 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  skin caviar foundation sunscreen spf 15   mocha, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase octinoxate 60 mg in 1 ml topical lotion  skin caviar foundation sunscreen spf 15   amber beige, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase titanium dioxide 78 mg in 1 ml topical liquid  exuviance coverblend skin caring foundation spf 20 bisque, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase titanium dioxide 24 mg in 1 ml topical liquid  neutrogena healthy skin makeup sunscreen broad spectrum spf20   buff 30, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase monitor for signs of improved cardiac output at specified intervals after initiation of pacing  e g  improved urine output, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase warm and dry skin, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase freedom from chest pain, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase stable vital signs, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase absence of jvd and crackles, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase improved level of consciousness, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase per facility protocol, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 28 mg in 1 g   homosalate 80 mg in 1 g   octisalate 40 mg in 1 g   octocrylene 90 mg in 1 g   oxybenzone 40 mg in 1 g topical cream  neutrogena healthy skin compact makeup spf 55 buff 30, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase octinoxate 30 mg in 1 ml   titanium dioxide 31 6 mg in 1 ml topical emulsion  lingerie de peau natural perfection foundation skin fusion texture with sunscreen broad spectrum spf 20 00n porcelaine porcelain, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase avobenzone 28 mg in 1 g   homosalate 80 mg in 1 g   octisalate 40 mg in 1 g   octocrylene 90 mg in 1 g   oxybenzone 40 mg in 1 g topical cream  neutrogena healthy skin compact makeup with sunscreen broad spectrum spf 55 buff 30, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase titanium dioxide 93 1 mg   octinoxate 50 mg   zinc oxide 49 mg topical cream  light illusion luminous makeup nude skin feel all day wear broad spectrum spf18 sunscreen warm beige l4, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase determine whether the elder patient demonstrates signs of neglect including poor hygiene  inadequate or inappropriate  torn, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase dirty  clothing or deprivation of warm clothing or footwear  untreated skin lesions  contractures, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase impaired skin integrity, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase and decubiti  malnutrition or lack of adherence to prescribed diet  deprivation or inadequate aids to mobility and perception  canes, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase glasses, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase hearing aids   no dentures or decayed fractured teeth  perineal excoriation and skin breakdown  untreated health problems or repeated admissions due to inadequate health care surveillance  vermin infestation  medication deprivation or oversedation  and deprivation of social contacts, then the category is warm skin.
If you hear the phrase wasp sting, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase poisoning by wasp sting, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase wasp sting without reaction, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase toxic reaction to wasp sting, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase sting bite by wasp, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase hymenoptera sting wasp, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase wasp, then the category is wasp sting.
If you hear the phrase weak, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase have you felt weak  question, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase flatfoot, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase urinary incontinence, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase color blindness, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase red, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase red green, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase slowing of urinary stream, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak cry, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase tongue weak, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase voice fatigue, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weak vision, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak orgasm, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase diaphragmatic paresis, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weak eyes, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weak labour, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase finding of blood group antigen a variant, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak  newborn, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak  myocardium, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak  respiratory, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak  senile, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weak  muscle, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak bite, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak grip, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase cough weak, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak grasp, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak breathing, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase retrognathia, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak ejaculation, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak sucking, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak positive, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak mother infant attachment, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak pressure consonants, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase uterine contractions weak, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak d phenotype, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak c phenotype finding, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak c  lower case c  phenotype finding, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak e phenotype  finding, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak e  lower case e  phenotype  finding, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak v phenotype, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak g phenotype, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase finding of weak m phenotype, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase finding of weak n phenotype, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase finding of weak s phenotype, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak fy b  phenotype, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase iodine weak solution bp, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase congenital flat foot, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase weak anal sphincter, then the category is weak.
If you hear the phrase paresis, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase attacks of weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness of sternomastoid, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness present, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness of neck, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase facial paresis, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness of back, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase monoparesis   leg, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase paralysis weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness postural, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase palate weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase larynx weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness of hand, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness of foot, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness of toe, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase quadriceps weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase abdominal weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase muscle weakness of limb, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase cardiovascular deterioration, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase spiritual weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness of biceps, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness in fingers, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase inguinal weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase generalized muscle weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase musculoskeletal weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase neuromuscular weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase shoulder weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase localised weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness increasing, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness intermittent, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness peripheral, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase proximal weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness residual, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness subjective, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase weakness transient, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase upper extremity paresis, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase joint weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase myasthenias, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase pharyngeal paresis, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase laryngeal paresis, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase palatal paresis, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase bulbar weakness, then the category is weakness.
If you hear the phrase rhonchi, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase asthmatic breathing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing symptom, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing aggravated, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase bronchospasm and wheezing adverse event, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase chronic wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase diffuse wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing occurs only with exercise, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing on auscultation  physical finding, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing recurs from time to time, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing recurs intermittently, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing unilaterally, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing in both lungs, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing recorders, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase frequent wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing find 24h respiratory system ord reported hiv ssc, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 1 bronchospasm and wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 2 bronchospasm and wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 3 bronchospasm and wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 4 bronchospasm and wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase ctcae grade 5 bronchospasm and wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase stress test induced wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing at right apex, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing at right base, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing at left apex, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing at left base, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing at both apices, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing at both bases, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase chronic wheezing has not changed, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase new onset of wheezing, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase new wheezing started suddenly, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase new wheezing rapidly progressive, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing occurs only with exercise intermittently, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing worsens with exercise, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing on both sides laterally, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing on both sides medially, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing on both sides anteromedially, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing on both sides posteromedially, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing is worse with a cold, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing related to body position, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing in left lung, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing on left laterally, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase wheezing on left medially, then the category is wheezing.
If you hear the phrase injury wounds, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase specimen source codes   wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase route of administration   wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase specimen type   wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound number id pt  patient nom, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase d lacrimalis  wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase with wound of eyelid, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase incised wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase ballistics, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase bite injury, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase facial injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase hand injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase puncture wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase surgical wound dehiscence, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound healing, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase handgun, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase rifle, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wounds, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase stab, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wrist injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase dressing change, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase foot injuries, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase irrigation of wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase dressing of wound  procedure, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase aspirators, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase clips, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound drain, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound shield, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound moulages, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase debridement of wound of skin, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound hemorrhage, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound pain, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound paresthesia, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound dehiscence, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase avulsed wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase dressing of skin or wound, then the category is wound.
If you hear the phrase wound hematoma, then the category is wound.
